#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AAUvwnisf4-WHDpPHsTUb-YNhEkUPC1Kg-JKGFU39mOehQ=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", AB Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.bongobd.com/upload/channels/sd/HRjXQdYEqsE.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ananda Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-X0463VRpcpM/WEaaUATDuNI/AAAAAAAAFhw/UYHQuv64BGUhu6dcIerrb2HT7QbmKuQuwCLcB/s1600/asian-tv.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Asian TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2e/ATN_Bangla.svg/240px-ATN_Bangla.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/atn-news.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", ATN News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608228_ico.png?ts=1613146518" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/8d/Bangla_Tv_Logo.jpg/220px-Bangla_Tv_Logo.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/Banglavision.PNG" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bangla Vision
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://bijoy.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/logo.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bijoy Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c7/Boishakhi_TV_logo.svg/400px-Boishakhi_TV_logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Boishakhi TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608364_ico.png?ts=161314" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Bongo Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ssl.com.bd/sites/default/files/BTV%20Logo%20Gallery.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", BTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/btv.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", BTV World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://channel19.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Channel-19-Logo-White.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 19
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/channel24.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/ch9-150x150.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel 9
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/8/88/Channel-i.svg/384px-Channel-i.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel I
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608031_ico.png?ts=1613147259" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Channel T1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608640_ico.png?ts=1613147356" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", CNN TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1270310_ico.png?ts=1613147977" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Cumilla24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/dbc-news.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", DBC News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.deepto.tv/sites/default/files/deepto_tv_logo%20Edit.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Deepto Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/81/Desh_tv.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Desh Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/608961_ico.png?ts=161314" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Deshi Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/EG2QRMG.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Duronto Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://s4.gifyu.com/images/imagea02f4314e761661d.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ekattor Tv
http://?PUFuVUx0bVFVVlZjVnAyYkxOamIwWmtSMDlXUzBNSFM2Vm5RcnAyYTJZamV3STNLNDUyVHpkbU4xRlhORnBGYml4bWM1azBkazl5UTBSMlpqTkdUT2hYUXhJVmRQcDBheEozWnFOWFkwSm1RV2xtYXZJWFY1MUdleFJHYlZWWFRsVmxhcU4xTVRGbVkwaEhOM1FrTXBCM2J2VWthS1Z6Um5kRk5OeEVTSGwyZHc4RVJ4bGxieXhXVG9GRk54aG1XcEpIUlRkbWNaWlVVTkpGYjNVWE13SkdTMlJHTVlSM1RrMTJZSU4wUU5GemNDMWtjWEJWTzVoa1lhbFVicnNXUUU1bU51SldlbFZVTTBvWE9wVm5lUWRETXN4bU1XSjJjaE5EYXlrV1N4SlVhM0ZGYVlKSE51cEdhSVZ6YTZwWGM1ZGtScE4zUTVWalJTbFZNcDlXTm9kWE5IbFhkbWxtUTVzRU56UkhPTVJWZG81R01TZHphMmdHZXVCbldvWldUbkIzS01sbVRKSjNRdk1FVzFkbGI0c2tSdWRHVDF0RVZqdEdhQ0ozTmxCVlZ3c0didUpYT1F4V2F4MTJaeDhtVlhOM0w1a1hlVjlDYk9SR1JyQlRWMHBIUkRaWFFqVjNaSkZXY3NwV2R0QkRhNVFqTTJkekthOW1TMmxuYWo1V1NrbGpla3AzTnZBellwMW1UemxtUjN4V1Q0cG1SbUJGYXc1a1QzbHpNNWQwU0Y5Q01qbDJWWWR6YVVSMGFsVlVZdDltUnJSM0xubDFkNUlYZHlKblYxOTBkSDUwS3hZM1pybHpTeVUzTHpNWFYyQXpkRFprYjRoMmJQcFhNcXRXUUJKalRqZEhVekVtYlBSbmV3azBhb05EVW5OalJ6bGpXa0ZYT1RabFNOQkhkTGRtYVRSbWM2WlRNSk4yWWpKWGMxbDBNcklXZVY1a1o2dFVkNEptU29aVGRTTjNVUk5GYTVnMGNPRmthU3RrZXJwRk4wWVhlWWhITjBJV1owWW5ienN5VDFoVld5cEVWSE5YU281R1I0WmpjMEVEYWlWemFrSnpicXRrWk9KRVRtbG1lYU5XVWhGWGV3c1NVTGxEWnJaVVdpSkhiSmxtV0NoME5VSjNaMWtHUk5sVmRvWkhWNGQwTEUxV2QybFZSNnAzY0JaWFlyMWtTMVZuYlVoSFMzQTNUeVJIYkNoWGV2UkRhVEZYYnBkV1JGaFZjQ1pYUmxSMkxSSkZhRmRXV0tGemFxeFVUUGRXYlk5MlNXaDJiaVIxZGpWMVVKOUNWcmwzY1YxMlV6ZEhUdU5sZDBsRWIwWjNiVDVFYzZoWGNQdG1kM1pYTzFrVFU0dGllaWhtVnk0MmFvbG5ZMkZHZXZVbllSVjFSVEYxZFBsV2VMVmtWblIyYWFaMUxrdG1ad3NHZEZkMmJ3b0daanBFVTNsblVaUlhSQjEyTlNsWFVGeGtlcnRpWjYxV2R1SlZkNlZrUnBGWGNtVjBLWVIxYjVjbVFUcEZkMTlrVnh0a1U1cG5XQkYzWnpVV2IxdDBMSEpsUm9WM05CMVVhVUZYTUVwbVFSdFdhUnR5TFIxVVU0NVdlT0ZFYnBoblVWVlRianhFYzZkMlQ0ZzJTMEZYVkZSSGV5dDJjellqTVlWMGQ2aGxhNUYwVXhaVGNsZFhiNHdXV3lrV1dTTlhjcFYzWnpwbGUzNUdUNkoyVTRzV09JVmpid3hVY0lOR1VwOTJTMU5WV0hoRmMxNEdWeXRtVUlwR2F5TlhRUlJsYzFoekt1ZEZPajVHU0sxVVNaSkRlMFVFT2lKRU1xaEVVa0JUYjRrMmJ2d0VWME1YYUU5ME12UW1VcmRVWmhKek54bDJMSEZrY3F0MmJMaFViNkpXVHdOMlF0ZDJMeGszY1Nka1NMTmpjQlpUZVRwVVE0aDJUejQyVTNCM1ZpcEVjclF6WmxOMk1oQmpjejFrTnpVMktWZEhSSFJtTVBKWGJyRVhPQ2wwWXBOWGRZUnpWMGxXZDI5U1oya0hid1VrVlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e7/ETV.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ekushey Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gaanbangla.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Gaan Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/GTVBangladeshLogo.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Gazi Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c1/Independent_Television_Logo.svg/220px-Independent_Television_Logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Independent TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/609412_ico.png?ts=1613149292" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Itv BD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/jamuna-150x150.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Jamuna TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://s4.gifyu.com/images/image54942a3647a21709.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Maasranga
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/mohona.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Mohona Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/mytv.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", My Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/797677_ico.png?ts=1613149919" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Nagorik Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7HplreU.jpg" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Nandan Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/e/ef/NTV_%28Bangladesh%29_logo.svg/240px-NTV_%28Bangladesh%29_logo.svg.png" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Ntv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/rtvbd.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Rtv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/satvs.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", SATV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/somoynews.jpg?x91288" group-title="Bangladeshi Channel", Somoy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722355_ico.png?ts=1613154340" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", ABP Ananda
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1057133_ico.png?ts=1613154464" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Akash Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/1057133_ico.png?ts=1613154464" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Akash Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722367_ico.png?ts=1613154545" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Calcutta News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://github.com/amarnettv/amarnettv.github.io/raw/master/logo/CBHD.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Colors Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722381_ico.png?ts=1613155033" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", DD Bangla
http://?PWtYWmhSMWJsUkdhd2RqVVIxV2QxTlRlWUpFVFRSblN3NDJaamRVZXNwMlZqUjNMMlJXVzQ4MmNtVjNRQ1prYXhnemN1MW1RMTlTTjBOR2ROOTBjeWhtYVdWa1l0UkZjS1pqZEg5MFl2cEdjT0YxVjRZSGRoZDJOYTUwYk9kV1NoOVVUM1pXVTNvVVVxaEdTNkZqVDRrSGJYRjBaRDUwS25KMVUzWWpiM29XT1RwSFdpUjFjMTRtWkg5R05wUkRWMm9FU0VWblIwVmtlMjBFZDJNVlZUOWllNFZtUUlSbFF6eEdTMlVEUmhSMGFJcDBOQk5GWjBaVGM1dEVPekJYYlVkekxZSkZkTmRIVG9kWFVwdGtkdE4xYTB0R1V5bG1jc05FYmtwMVZQTmxNdGgyVlhkSFJJcDNURkIxYmk5eWFITjBTVXBXUnpGR1pFZFhXUXBYTnZGMFRSRm1ibmRIYXdOM1M2ZG5SVFZsYXROWGRpWlRSalZWZFZSWFZpRldkcVZUVnlabFJ4NG1RMkZWWkRSSGEzY0ZPcUYyVjNWelV4aFVPclpuYmFKRVUzSkdjWGhHZFg5bU10Um5VejkwY0NoR1RQWlVhSDkyY0RGWGRVaGtXNFJUTU9SVVQzeDJUNHBXUkN0eWNMdGtZVFpqVzZGMGFYMUdiRnRHYkVGV2NrTkVjb1pUV3lwblZvbFdlVmRHTllwR1ZFWkZSTHBIY1FOekxFMUVNNWxsUkd0Q2MzVW5TellrUkN4VWIxSWtRMmtHYXpKMGF5RkdWeUZuVzN3bWF2WW1jc2RuZHZoelNzQkRiMFJFZVloSE8zRXpTRVZFYjJ3MEt2UkVhdmhqVVI5U1lXZEhlbWQyYlJCRmRvVlZUQlJIYzZ4V01ORjNWckFuUlRkMGMzRUhleEFUWnRoalV5dFNOUHRFTUZKM2RrTlZaMmdrY1hCRmRUeDBVeU56ZFJKRGRKaEhUUlozYlNoemNCcDNZYWRWZXlkR1VJcFVNUmhYZWlaWFQyODBiM0FGYnV4VVExeFdlTlZGYktsMkx4d1dWaHBVYWlka1N1TlhadmQwVkNwV1pFZG1XNWdsVFpkbWJERmpTTHAyUjFOWGMyVlZlM2RHVVg5U1pYWkdhWlZtVHQxVVc2bDBOMThrZTN0V08wWTFLQ3QwYmpGbU0xdEVNcVIzZDVkMmNDNUdPMVlrYzFCM2RQaG5hMUkyTXpKa2IyczJieHBIU09SblY2VlRkd1lrWlpkRGIzdDJjb3hrYU4xV2JuRmxjUjEwYlBoVWJhRm1Sd0IxVXpralp5UkhkeHRDUkhObmRCOVVhMlFqZTB4a1ZoTjNNeUYzVFZWelZHSjBjWXRrUUhGbFd1UkhPWEptU0JCWFFPUkZSdUZGZXhnVVJTWjFTb0pYV09sWFZTMW1RWE5sYzVvbGNJMVVlRzFFY3h0Q01pTlZlek5YUXhkR09YRjJkb0puTkJKa05wbEVNTXRFZXdkMlFIMVVUNGR6ZFZkalk2Um1UNEZuV3o1MGRxWkhSbGRHZERsRmNxcDJhMXNXVXlWVmN2UUZXMDhHUmhObGFXSlRleU5uVjFJelQ2aDNRdlFsYVRCWGJFQlRZbFJ6YjIxa05rRlRlNnRXY1BCekwyVm5lV05rVzJ3MGNIOUNSc2hsZTA5Q1NaRlhkMzAyWTNBSGVWNTJic2xFYVNCSGFvRm5Na1ZYVFpKM1o2Vm1UTGRFY01sVFdRTldOMWhrTVJSbFNUcEhjSUpUUm9OV2JJZEVPS3RFVjFKRFZsTjNZTkIzUnNOSFU0YzJaS0ZVVVdoRmFvbEdPNG9rVTI1bWVOSlRkMGRHYjBJM2NDVkVkd1pVUTVjbVltbFdPSVZtYjBFbmExSTBRbkJ6YzRoRVZScEdjM2dYVmFselMxWjNhYXBYYjNwSFI0ZDBTa1oxYk5wMlFyTW5WU2hHZDNRR2Q0UVRZclpUWndrallscG5XRHBIT3I1R2VOTmpTcnNtVjZsWFp4OGtZWDVHVUZaRFVRSjBjckUzTklWV2N1NVVZbUJUV3dkM1JKRkhScVpuZVE5R01YRmtZM1pHVjJCVE5qZFhPMlpuVnhKemJGaFVhSnRDVnY5RVZ4dzJOd2wzZDRsRld6Y1VhRXhtTm9kbFI0TlhUV0ZWUVBsWFUzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722391_ico.png?ts=1613156123" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Ekhon Kolkata
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/2228136_ico.png?ts=1613674520" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Enterr 10
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAmFkQB.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Jalsha Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAmFkQB.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Jalsha Movies HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.goskribe.com/ImgSkribeExtra/ba038ccd-8d51-438e-ab55-fe049bc69848news-18.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", News 18
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722427_ico.png?ts=1613156438" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Ruposhi Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/722433_ico.png?ts=1613156596" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sangeet Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Sony_Aath_logo.svg/1200px-Sony_Aath_logo.svg.png" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sony Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/53/Sony_Aath_logo.svg/1200px-Sony_Aath_logo.svg.png" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sony Aath
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha SD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/D6jGMpw.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Star Jalsha SD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/7364080_ico.png?ts=1613156952" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Sun Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WvrfVsv.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GOamt6U.jpg" group-title="Indian Bangla Channel", Zee Bangla HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824801_ico.png?ts=1613206658" group-title="Hindi Channel", & Picture
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://tvadvertising.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/135_image.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", & Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFnArA8VEAAerym.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", 9XM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sgp1.digitaloceanspaces.com/quickcompany/trademark/38da866a0646683c.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", ABZY Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/359-3595110_b4u-movies-logo-b4u-movies-channel-logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", B4U Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/B/b4u-music-logo-12FA930444-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", B4U Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/bflix-movies-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Bflix Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S3lVg3i.jpg?1" group-title="Hindi Channel", Box Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://q7h8x4g8.stackpathcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/COLORS-CINEPLEX-2019.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Cineplex
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/Colors_tv2017.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1107539232598298624/aDupPKVw.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Colors Ristey
http://?PU1uVzA0MFVaUkZlU2hrWUcxR1UwVmxlc04xTXJ0R2N0VldiYXRFZElaRFU2bDNZMFozTXZrek1qcDNZSjFFTXQ5V2JVSmxOcloyZHJSRE92RlRjRlJuUzBoVU5IUjNiWFZEYWxsMk1uSkVSM2dHUmFWWFQxOEVaUXhXZXFwMGF3OFVjeFYzYll0Q1MwMG1lTUpGTkVkV2Qya1ROelkzUXFGWE81TWtidDltYndOVmExTm1lS0oyVjNValcwOUdUVE5WUVpoMkxXTlhTTVZXY2xoamJpTjNSMFpYUXdKa2VJMVdXMXBGZXRWRmJYbFZZMk5qYXZ0RWVMQkRkenBHWjJaV2I1aFdhRVpuWXJvVU90NTJRelJ6Wnd0bWN5NUViekZFYnRaSE94UjFSdmhXYWxOM2FzRjNOWDVXWXlKRmNteEVhRkYwVXg1MlN0SkdPTngyVHo5aVpJZG5iUVpsTnNKWGQzVm5aeXQwS0lCSFZJTmpjVU56WlRobFFqWm1aMFZrTlJ4MGJIQm5XME0xZGpwVmFxeEVjNVUxYW9KbFMzb25aSk5uWVpSRFIxUlVhRmxIT3lCWE41TjFObHBVZXhsWFdMTlhkVlJHY1hobVVacEVTeVpFTkJaV2NEcEdUNmhEZEpkbGVJcFVkakZsZTVoVmI0dzJhMWNHTzJSbFF3b2xhME1XTXRaRlQxOWlVdjVtZXRSWE1ObGpkTFZrYU5SV2U1UlhZcXAwY3lZekxrZDJieFUzYzVSRmROUkVOelFuYXNwVmQzSURUelFuU2tSRWVCTkhkTFZYUm1kelF2NTJVMklEYnFkR2NJUnpLNmRVYUs5bVlWQlhjMEYzVU5KalJLaG1NUFZYUjBkVGFCRkVUVnBVZHJoRWNGbG5WM1VYZDVCM1E0a25lMWNGY3dWM04wNW1jMlFXU3hsbWF3Rmxjd3N5ZFhoRVdDaGtXcEZVU2labFdzNVdRREZqVUNoMGFRQlZjUHRTVzVaRmJ4TkZjRTFHVTZGbk42cG1lRHhVT3RSVVFuaG5SM1p6WTRNM1VPeDJMSjlpZEdsMVUycG1NMHBGVjFkRlM1MVdSbXRpZENwMGJJUlRZQlpEYjQ5V1RuSm1UU3RHZGlKMk50VmtldmdqYVl4V00zUlhVU2x6WkpGWGJJSjBTeWdUZWk5Q1pUNWtSbzFFVlJKM1ZZeG1jcE4xTk5kVGRGNTBZM05UTzVaemJhRlZXcXAzWVdOMFF0RjBkSEJIYlJOM1Y0TkRNVUZrU3p0MlEyQUROM1IwZGFoWFdwOTJVMmhrVE9wV1JoUm5jMlVGTVRGR2VaTmpTa1ZFZDFkSE56UUZlMW8zUVFkRlczQW5lVnRXUnBWMlVzTkVhNFIzTDJBM2NsTkRTM1lqZHN4a1dDOW1NM3BtUmtKemF6eEdjclYzUnJjMmF3TTBLREZqU3Y5VWNCbHpieVFYZWFwbFN1SmxhTEZXZVhCWE5xOW1kcnBYVjFnbk1uMTJOSU5HY3FWMmIxUjFjc1IyVWxCSFYwSkhkdDVtYTFaV2RReDBRdmdUTTRSblN4UjNNbWRIT3JwVk8xWW5ld2xVY3F0VVNxbG5iSjkyU2lwM0tKZFVZNTUwWk1aM0tNWlRXcU4xSzZoa1ZHUlhReGhYV3lzRWRyRmpNV3RFUnRWMlVyRVdkcHRHVUMxMk10TlhlNHcwTjU0a1l3WlhWUUowWTVkR1o2aEZiRnRTYkJGMlkwaFdRdEpXTkpwVldZbG1Ud3BITlhGVWM2UjJWaGx6WnlWRWJDVldiR1IzYTNGVllpZDFjUmRWYm5wa1d3SkRVaGxFY0ZkV1Q0SkRTWWhrZXZZRGRRMTJTdEZrYXloMUtSZFdXdWxsTVZsMmIzNGtiMElrZHpORWNLTjNTMXdXUjU5U1RrZFdldm8xWnZVbFR4ZDJTcFIyVW9sWGFaRmpWcUpGYVdsSFN2NDBjNEZrVFFSV1I1ZDJUelZtUUdSMGNGWkRWMGxqUXBWRk0ySW1VV1puVWpSa01HaFhkVHAyZDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/Dabangg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Dabaang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", DD National
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e8/Masala_TV.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Masala
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/projects/404/14494583.548597b56b924.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Sitaray
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/Hum_TV_2013.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Hum Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/be/India_Today_TV_Channel_logo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", India Today
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fPuBXRz.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Manoranjan Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/33/Mastiii_tv_channel.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mastii
http://?PW9XWnVGMk0wZG1jclUwWXNsblkyTm5OV2RETUs1bWNZQkZhNVlGZWFka1FVVldRM1JUUUxKRE01eEdkMW9rVVkxbWNHdDJMeDlXZHlSSFcyazFUMEozS0poSGVNbFdiWE4zS1k5MllyMW1ZNlZUVzBwbWVMRldOdVYzZE1sRk9sWmtUMVJuWnhVbVdWOW1TNEVIVmpoamF2RVZRRk4zVXJoRGEzcEhVeGgyYU9kR1NsWlVkenRDTTBwR2M2aFVPM1JXTnhnWFdSVkdOeUZsZWhKMmRKbFVlc2wyYjJGbk50Qm5kd00zUkZSWGJ4VXpTcTlTTW5Ka1V6aGtlaFZuVGxkVVRySVRhanhrZVRwblpxaG1iTkozWlhKWGVwZERXc3hHYlg1bVZPRkRhMWRXWktKVlM2cG5kWU5EVnJBVmV2a25TS2gxVHg5MFNya2tlbGhIYlBaVFE0bGpjeTVHU0xsblc0cGxkazUwWkl0bWJGOUNaNWtYY2hWelJ4aDJMMFZVV0dSR1dpbFhlQ1ptY0lGWGJCQnpLM1kwZDU5MlJMWmxUMFpIVnZSalFNRjBaSGQwU3dSRGFzaEZkNEVEZU9OWFpWaDNMYTFHYjFobWJGaFVSMlJFTkJ0MmJZZFhiUEZWUTJoSGRFbDFVdU5WTXh4a2RORnphTTltVjFBRmFrTkdiT1JrVDFGVWIwQkhkV0ZWUW9kM2R4QWxiaFZUY3lsMUtTOVdUdTEyS1JsVGRGZG5VM1pEZHdoa2V2VVhWck1HVXRWa2FsSlRaVVJuTTI5R04zUVhkNUZXVkdKa041aEhjaVpUWXdsSE5MVmphVVZuZHhzMFJpZHpSNnAyTXJwbWUzeG1jVFpGZW1CWGIxUUdPclpEVXFsMlV5ZzNZVGwzTE5aM1p3TWpld1VtWU4xV2R5ZDNiaUZIYlhCbmJTeEdaMTlDYjFNSFNuOW1id1J6S3hnemREMW1SMWQyWmtwbGJ3Y21SSWRGT3pWRk94QkhUelFYVUtsald1eFdjSHhXZWxCMVN5ZDFjejFtU2o5V2NoTnpZc3hVYlRSMmRGSkhaMTkyY1pOMWNZaG5hTlYxY3FSamN3b2xVT2RXZHY5aVVObFhONWxHT3E5a1cxWjFicFIzUUxwRVdyMTJOMFpqVngwV1RqVm5iNW9sZG81a1lpUkhTb1ZsUXZFRk51eEdlWlpUVVQxV2J4b21kVzlXUXJwVlkzc2lWcXRXVDVaVU8ySW1kcFp6ZDV4MFQwVjJWYU4xWkNkMlFTRkdSVGhuY01oVGFrTldNcnAyTVZWMmNDbDNjWUJGU1NkMGI2ZFRhdUZtVzJwV1R5TmpZcGhYVjRNR1ZvcFdlR2RXWnNOWGQzQmxZNWxXZXV4MktQOW1kT1ZYYUx0a1ZhRlRiNGREVVZaV2FQSjNRMUpITUdKSGNvVkRWa2xEYjNGbWU0ODBRckFYTWt0U1pTcEVjT3RDUlBsMmMxbDBidUZIVGpWblVRSkRPS2xVYjVRemN6QnpRNWxuTnhsV1F4aFdZNkJ6TW1OMWNRZFVlWnQyUm5kRlpheGtkVXgyVXdvRlRxZEZjUHBIY1daRFV0aDNVMjh5U2xwV1ZqcEdiWVpWZDJaRFZKOUNPNmRIVTVVVE9GRkhXRXhtUUJ4a2I1VlhkV05uVTJKblZWRnpTeW8yVm5oblVFaEdjeXhFTjBKM1F4aERiMVZGWmpsR2Exc21ieFUwYXkwa2JSVkRPMGhIVzJaV1JZNVdhNEFWYWlKemQyWmthV3RVY3RORldRdEdSMGRXTWp0RVdpUjFkTWh6WkxKRU01UlRONU5qYUJWbmE2cEZlUkIzY29kWFlSZFZSdU56Tm5sa1Yza21jMGxFWlJSa2FNdHlUUlowUTExa1F4Y1VTTWRXYnZGSGNDTkVhV2RUVnZFalcyUm5aaFZUZHJzMmNzaERja2RYZUROMGF4Z0hhcEIzVHJsM2JzcDJUeTQwVHFkbmV4VlZPc05YZDZKamFZSldRUEozWUUxMEw1VldhMjlpVzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/MBC_BOLLYWOOD.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", MBC Bollywood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/mtv-beats-hd-kccl-tv-hd-beats-png-308_161.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Beats
http://?PUUzY1RCamVKdG1lbFptWm5obFFwbFdZMUlIZUJkMlN6Y1hhSGhYYndzR2IzUkdUdEJqTjF4MFZIMTJTQkJYZXpZVmRoTjBad1JGTnpaMFVtTldjSmgyWk5oVWNVSkdicTlTTXNkbVlxMVVNdUJWYlNsbll1SlVidEZGYnJKRFRCUkdTeU4zYWtwbGJqRlhXaE5ETTFKbmNyTWxRR0JYWTBWbU1ySWpkdXhXVG1semR5VWtlQ2RXUUVWMlZ1eDJhcmhGTklKblNGVkdWSE56Ym9aMFY1b25VclZITmxaVWR3aEdUb0JYV3FGR2NSQm5OSlJXZXFsamU0Y1VPTTltUXFaM0tJRmxhRVJrYW1kMVEwTnpWUUZtYUxKM1V4Y1VPM3AzZHZra2R2VXpkM2RuVUhobVVIWlhXbGxWT0NaSGNDTlVNR05IZHRsMk5EQmxWbXQyTFFoMFZxSmpkdVYyVnhGSFQ0WmphT0p6UVI5bVN4ZFVZSEptYlk5MlZXVkdkeHRrZVFoVlcwOW1XRmxXWjZCMWF2NVdNczFFWjJoalltMW1kRXAzWkxaRlduSmphS1puV01KRlJ1Tm5aR1JWZDJ4bWRqaFhNNUEzYWlSRVZKSlRVMDkwUzI1V1lQUm5VdmxEYkZkemJKUjBNb0JuVnlCbFRUOW1ZdEZYZHN0a01oUmxheUlYT3JnbmUwUmxkVmhrVGp4Mk5JOUNUVHRHYjVJbVRtUldOekZUVXhnWFl3VVhWMW9YUk1kM2QxVTNhMTlXTXhwMEx3dDBaVmRYVXdGa1UwRTFkek5IZHk4bVczTjFhVU4yVmw5R01rWjJTWnBYZHZNR042WnpZNFIyVVpKSFpENVdSdlYwUzVsWGRQaFdUNXR5Ym5OMFFKUkRXTzVXY0t0MlloUmxiNU1IVnhVRE5zSlhTSEJsVXZBblp3TVRTaDl5WlNKM2RFVldkNkpsYUROWFdaUm5TcTEyS3hVM2FLZHpTa0ZYUTFoME41TmtZcWhuWlE5bU5FSlViRnAzZDBkMVJ6cDFZRjltWUpwMlYxbDBkWWxXZFlGM2RqOTJMd3RtTkRCbmFZZDNMRlJrU3pKbmRXbGxUNWh6YW5WbmF2Z1RTM3htU3dOVlZyTVhiMEVYZTVaWFZzSjJTMjhFYUtoR1phVkdOcUJsZVVOelYyUm5XMzlTVXlwVVJvcG5TdXBrTTIxVWRqUlZTWEZrV25WM1JUQjNhMlEzU3JWemRNSlZia3hrUnZwM0swbGxhaFpHVVdGWFFLOUVXM1lEZFBaVVMyY2taeVozY0ZaWE14OFdWS2RtZFdCRGRuOUVXNWNITTZGMVJ4WmtjM0YzY3BGVFcyUVZkNWxuUjZaelY2ZEdUUzEyWXZ4R1NyZDJZU2gxY1ZabFFIVnpSd3BFZTJNek5wRlhOQ3RHZXZNRmU0c0dNNUpGVHc1MFVCTjNaUk5YV010aVZ4VVdjdmhYTXJFVlNvMUVUWmxVVTB0bVV6cEVNcnRVY2FkVFpvQlhWcGwxWlk5MmR2a0diSlpFUkp4MmRTdGtkdVYzVDJCemRMRjNMc2RXTzQ4VWJDWlZkcmNUTjNWMFQxUmxZek5XTmtwMmNsVjJVblpFZUpwM2FKSnphNFptYTRFRU1xdFdTRHhXZTQ5VWRCbGxXQlpHT281VWQxZ25WVDFtVHhVVFlyb0hjMWt6VVBKWFJ6bFdiV1JIVnZkWGRCcEZjeWxFY0hKWFVDcEVjMkpGU1lSVFd2d0dPcUJ6YUNOMWJGNWtOa1ZrVHVoVlNvbG5Wd2wzUndkemJUWlRkb0oyUjRCVk12NW1TMmsxVXRoMmI1Z1RWMDFFYmtSbllJTmtSMEJsWjFjalFTbEdONFlWTVA5eWNJRmtXWnAyUnE5U1VWQm5adFZITURwMlIwTnpaQ0ZsVTFBSFYybFZNelVXY2w1R1duQjFhVlYyZHdsa1FLUldjcEJsTnBOblI1ZFhUckUzYjA1V2NqZEZPbDl5YnFsMk1YRm1ZNnhtVkVKbmQ2cG5iQkZIUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f1/MTV_HITS_logo.svg/1200px-MTV_HITS_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/MTV_Logo_2010.svg/800px-MTV_Logo_2010.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/lv/282263/svg/mtv-live-seeklogo.com.svg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Mtv Live
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824742_ico.png?ts=1613202550" group-title="Hindi Channel", PTV World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824741_ico.png?ts=1613202319" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Bollywood Premier
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://techstory.in/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ShemarooMe.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Shemaroo Classic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Sony_Max_2_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Sony_MAX_logo.svg/496px-Sony_MAX_logo.svg.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Max HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/497440939388858368/73qSmbwD_400x400.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Pal
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/sony-sab-logo-sab-tv-11563255194ov0us7me4e.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Sab
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6c/SET_India.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Tv SD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d3e2xvtryj10p1.cloudfront.net/general_content/21_0_16_1_1521807420.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Sony Yay
http://?PW8zWWxkMlFPNW1iRzFVTlFkRmQyVm1XMFkwY25kR09vZDFaenBrYk5SVlEwbFVTNjkwY3c0V1pIcDJhMFluZDNnMGFUNUVWUWxYYzJ0RWFHaDJRTHRtYm1oR1NzOVdiRkZtWnBCMWJuZHpaV1ZsVzNVbmEwUjBZMEFWY1hsVGFsbFdaMTVHTUY5bWRGdG1OMTVtY1JKV2R6TmtZVjlHYzNsVVcyVTFSdUYzYkhaWFJ4NGtlUWRXYjJRMVozcFVPSlJrYlBGWGFYdFNRblJXZHI4a1JyUVZWMVpUV3B0MmRQaFdTbTlpWTFjVmVFcDFkeFlXTXp4MGN5c0dPNWgzU3I0VVNNRjNaUjEyVDBrblZ1VldlSFpsY0pwbWEwaERXM0kzYTRwa1IzODBhbnQwZG1KSGJUdFdWbXBHVzFwMlphRmpZd0EzVm9CVFNRaG5lWVIzVXFaVGFOMW1iaFZqYVRWRk5ubDJUM3RVY3ZoMlpUSldXenBIZHpjSGVsdGlWdFozU3d0V1R4UjNMamwyUzVJamV4SUhXSmxGVzBsWE12b1hRaGRIZFlORVdubEdlREJ6TGpkWFo2OVNaNEZuYU9KM1RxVkROWmwzYndkblZ4b0ZTdHhVYlBsV01GOUdTT1oxUmtGMGF2RUZPdGRYUW5SVWNEMUVjb0ZuZTZaRWIxZ1ZiV1YyVjNNVFduUkVjUGQyVHp3MmFMQm5iMjQwYnFWRFp3bEhPMHRXZHdnMlVaSm5jTWRUVW9abmVIbGtZMTEwTnpOR2N5bFZkMWxIY1V0MlFpUlVlM0ZUU3FsVGQxTlhOV2hVT2toV1lKVldURjUwWjBJa1NJVldUeEpsUXFaa1Qwc21SUWxqZVI5bWRYVkVXc1ZVVzVSVVVIUkVjWXRXY0JaMk5FaG1kUEZFYnRwSGN1MWtOWngyVE9SWGJreEVPcXhHZERWbFFvSjNRdUZFWm5CVmVGZG5hemwxSzFWVmFsbG1SWkpVWnQxMk5oUkRiWmRIT3FSMGFVZEVhUFowTXpRelE1RjJZWGxXYjZSSGU0WURTMU5uYUlKbVZDeFVXMU5HVlFkak0zTW5jaGRsVnpnVmU1VVVaNFlEVXlOMEtPRlZZb3BYZVZ0a2VpSjBjeHBFYmhObFc2aEdORk5WVjZkSGVSUm5iSkYwY3prbVIzY2pNd0YzUno4U01aeDJkRkprTlloVWJOSjFLaFozVHVSR2J3RmtVTXRHYXlKRlQ0SkdiRkIxYVhKMVN2ZGxTSEYwTHl4Mk1NUlViMkZUYVhOVlFJWmxVMFYxTmwxMlM2VlhVSlozUkhOemFxRjFONWRFZTU5MlEwZGxhQkZuWjF4R1M0SVRkNThHWktsamJ1eDBMcWxuYnpsM1YzSVdWdE5YYnd0RU81RW5Rdzl5VjIwV2JRaG5TRHRVZXpabWJ0eDJWaFpHVHdWRFRMbHpNbGxuVVdWV2VhRlZiSlYzVG1kRGQ2Sm1lWkpqUTRkSFRqVjNLejBHZEdkRGFoaDNZc1ZWYzNRbWNWOW1lTmRqU3NwMWIyTm5kM1VHUnJKelpPSm1UamhHTjF3RU5KOUdibUYxVTNKemNvZERWcUpXV25WM2JxcGxleTVVY21CbFNKaHpMcGxsU3R0V1JsZDNNd0UzZDRZemRXRm1UWVIyTnYxRVVDVjJLRTVXYnJKemRtMTBiS1JYVHhOalJ6RkdjUnBWYmFWM2FUNW1iU2hqY1poSFROTlVkbmh6TjBSbU1sbFhZMjlXY1N0MGExVVRWdk0wZHVCWGF3WURWUGxXT2taRFp1TkZkUk4zS1hsVVRvSjNZejBtYndwSE40aFZjblZrYnZWRlRrRmxhM0ozYzZsa04xVm5Zb2wzWnhKbWNYcEhWbkJqYnBaVFNZQkhjQmhtU0xoMFV6RkZiMVVtYUM1VVYyRldiNXRrWVNCSGFSZG5Nd1JGYXdGMFJ3QlZidjEyVnZFMVZ4Y1dhaVJXVXJka2VtNTBWQ2hUUW9aWFpxWmtjSGxYV3JObloxSkZka1JqZDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/40/Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg/220px-Star_Bharat_Official_Logo.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Bharat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.satiitv.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/star-gold-2.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/S/star-gold-logo-D1A2937F35-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tatasky.com/s3-api/v1/assets/channels/star-gold-select.gif" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Gold Select
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/3-32979_star-plus-star-plus-logo-new-hd-png.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Plus
http://?PWtHWjJnWGVySVdiVDVrY0NaVVN6VjFONDlrVnJVblJ2VlRXd1ltY3NkVlQyb0hhcDVtZHljRlRCbG1Oa2RFVzNrRmU0bGpOeWNuV3FSbWUwaDFUYXBXWnJaak4zVlRlQlpFU1pKSFp2bG1XMmtGU1NKM2RVdG1jdlpYYXVCM2RaZG5NblpEZVRSa01yVVhjb1JrU3JNSGV2c2thQmhXZDZOMFI1OUNiclFITXdrMFF6OXljcmNEZVA1R050cDJWc3BtVUJWSGNGTlRTQlJYZXhRVFQ1WkdOeUpuUXQ5RVZGdEdlUGgzTHpkemNyVVhVbnhFU3dKbVd2WjBab2hHYkZsell6eDBkdUpGY2xOamN6OUVSclpIYXRkbVFIUkRXV0ZuYm5wMk0wSVdjcmxsUlJoM1owRVhSUmQzUmFoamJPdG1haHRpVHFORVM1SjBVazVtYmpwa2FKUkZjQ2hrU2x4V2RvSlZUWUozYzZSSE8yazNMdnBWZXhVRk1QTlVPMWxVZXlkMkthSm5TMVl6VjF4a2F4WUVSUkZYVHpoV1pKOXlUVGQyYjVvMGI2TkZkNFlWV3ZWektuNW1ReTh5UnprV2RhZG5ZVEJUYWxsR1U1c2tNcHhXZTFZWE1MMTJZMGxqUllSRGQyUUZlV2RFYjVCRmIxRURONGQyUW9obk54TlViQkYwU1lOVVd4eDBaT2xIV0J4V1oyTjNWTDlFYzJ4MGJhVkVVdEZtWjNObWUxQjNLMjgyVVZoa2JhUkhXdU5GWnRGbloweEdXekUzS3RSVVF4c21hSFoxVno5bVQ1UlhXVVZUUTZaSFZrQmxaWlpXYXI5bVlMZEhkb2gwUWlGWGEwbDNkNTVrY3ZWbGFyb2tOelFtUnpsalQ1Z0hOMngyYjBNa1FLRldiUVpYTTRJVVd0bFhkT3BFZERwV1N4MUVSVWgxYzBvM1NyVWpOc2hXY21GMFNNUm5XcFYwYm9OR2RTcG5OeEFUZXhCRGJTQmxXTjVHZWtKemMxVkZleHBYY3NSemJwUmtaaGRIV3JkMkxacEdjV05UZWkxVU1oUlRZMjEwUXVGbGUwTUhlQ2QzUWs1RWU1WmpNVmhEYXQ1VWFHWmpXaGRYVDJOalZXUjNjclpFZVhka016SmpkeU0yTERKSFp1bFRUS04zWnZRM2RSdG1kNlJUWldwWFNyOEdPejgwTjRBVmJURkhVbEZ6TnhwVlFrWlhkTE4zWTM4eVFSOXlkVGxsVndCRmJ1MTJOMmhGV3dkM1NCSkVTTUp6YjZ0R1dUcG5Sd1ZWYUc1V2RMRm5ld2szTHRWbWNvbDJUcjEyVXJabVpONVdlMWczVmxCWFVJbHpiMlpXV2xsVVEwTjFRRHQyUmxsWFdaVnpiamxYZTFOalRpeEdSd1JrU0RwMFl1dG1UWmgxZHZ3VWQyMEdkMGNYUW5WWFlwcFhSUWxtTWxWMmM0VjFacVJXV2FoalRyMVVUVVpVZUpoMktLRkhjR2QyWm90eVJ3ZFhUd2QyTGpSMFQ2QlhPQlpqTWxaa2FxaEZhMGx6VnF0eU41dFVScGhHZERaRWRZcDJaaEZ6WlVkVmNzUmtkdFZrV0ZCblZxaEVVWVZXYnVOemJqRldlMmQwVWFsMk5GUm5jelpXYllCemMzWmpacGhtVG9CbGJFTkdiQ3RHVjRzMlF4c2liNG9uTTVRa1UwTm1SVzlpUUJ4Mkx1RkRSemxXZXVKelJTRkhiNFZHZHdjSGVpbFhOdzlrV2tGbGUxd1dZMkZVV29aVldRUlVWbHgyVUN0V2I0b0diVHBGVXlsRmF3WjNWcVYwUUVSbk4wWVdaU05tYm9OV2V3OTJLemhEYVhsVVc0bG1UVWRrVVFsV2NIRjFORlpEVnFOa05QZFdNMUozVnRCRFRsTnpjeHMyZDVabldyWnpacTlpUTJFbmM1RlRiVmRrYlBsRlZ5d0VXc0ZGYXhBbGVDSkhVV3QyTUtCRmM2QkRaUDEyYnpGMGJEQlZOWmhtTnRka1UyOW1lck1sYUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/3-32979_star-plus-star-plus-logo-new-hd-png.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Star Plus
http://?dGQyVjVrbk5LZG5SS1ZqUXlCbGRUVm5TRmRuUTVKa2RuNVVjM2NXTWhWR2NtcGxibVJYUVVOMGI1RjBTM1JXWjFvSFRqOVdWb1ZtYUlabVJCeFdacVJUYjFVMlVJTkhOWnAyVG1OemRSdHladkVYUTNsbWVtTjNheWNtWmhWRWJyRUhleThpVHJSM1l1cG5RbE4zUnhrMlZ1eGtOdFJVYVlKVWIwQmpVMFowVmhOMVMxeEdNQzFrWm9SM2NyeFdleEpWUjBGak1MUjBOcGRYWWlOR1JQVkdjd3hHY1FWbWF3VkRaa1p6UnlrR1Mwd21ldlIwYm1aRWFxcDJVb1oxZDZWMllMOVdjUXAyTDJwVWNJQjNObmx6TjA1R2E1WjFMbnRXT1FCbFZIbG5iNUVUY3JvR2RzQjNhdUowVVhwR1czaEZPblZXZHpJWFlLOVNPMGxYWWpkRlZKTjNWeU1tV2pkVmJoMTBRbGgxVHhaRmRGRkZSNnRHWlg5bVFydzJjaFJUV0ZSWGJxOVVPaE4wU3Y5MlR5RkRONFIxZFRKR09CVlVhMVYwVnZVV1JHbG5OMWhYTzBzU2V0SmpZMnBIY3hSMVQ0bEVkMDEyYTRnMU1qOTBhaXBIVnFGM1l0SmpWd05qVnpkbmJWTlVXU0ZXYmlkM2RCcFVkNlZqVFJsRFNraDJMdWxHUk4xbWROOWlSWjUwVnlSWFVPZFRacm9uUTRvV1RyaG1jak5IV3JwbVNwWlhRU3RTVDZSM1E1ZDFVeFlrZXZRR2FyUTBWcFpFUzZSVFQyWjNZeE5YZTFwa2MzVWtUVWxFZHp0eVNxRlRhcDUyVWtsV1NqRkVjQk5YU0JoblZ1MUVaMWdrWXR4V2JhSmxVV0pqY3JzbVJ4WW5Zb3AxUU5SVmEzaG5aWlJXUjJzMmFUbFhlWjVXY3RGM00zRWtaRFozYjZ0V2FJOTJad1pXUlp4MFl5aFRPUlYxS3cwR2NsVldSellqYm0xMks2eFdNcUZqUnlzMFJFZG1jck0wSzJOVWUxMW1lVE5VTnpaMlNGcEZiT2xHZDNRWGExb0dhNFJ6UUp0VVRwRjBaMWd6Ym5sWGFuRjNRbk5uY05kVmVLbFZiNjkwTmtCamF2QUhiTjVVVHVGRWJybDFZdmtWY3laV1JHQkZWNFFIZHprRldXQnpjUVpUTzVFVU13bFVOUUIxYlNKWE8yZGpNNDlHYnNKMFNwbFVPcGhIWkZsMVFRaG1jT2R6S0N4bWRJdFVRSkprV3pGMk52SWxlTEIzUlJkMU41Rnpka05UZXdNMVJuVjNWT056TlJsM1JGaG5XNUlWZUVSRFN2RVZkdEozZHcwVVNyZ0hld01qYVRGMGFHWkdWM0ZsUTFoM1EyZ21TUGRYZW1CelRCaGtiRVJrZXJSR2IwdDBiQ05GVXp4bU0xWW5jUHQyYWFaallSTmpSb1ZFYUdKV2N5dG1VSjlFZUU1MGNvVlhSSFZtVzR0aU5YcG1TMnBIYXo5RWIwOHlhNEVYY3hwMWR2aGtTQ05YTnJBM1QyVmpkVmwyWklaRGV3aFhNNU5EWldKV1VHZDNZNHRTWWFOV2RtUjNLNUpYZG9CVldqSjJTNnBHZDVJRlI1WUZkMzlpVHhJelMwQkZldXRFWjJsSFJEVm5hc05HZDNsM0xJaFVadGRIVHRaR2R4cFdRcnBFV1RKMWJLdDJNMmRGVjZOWFYwSUViRnBIUnFsRWVqRjFjdFZXWXVkRFJ0VmpOMklWTk94MlEzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824764_ico.png?ts=1613203903" group-title="Hindi Channel", UTV Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/441-4412906_utv-movies-tv-listings-utv-movies-tv-program.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", UTV Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://jiotv.catchup.cdn.jio.com/dare_images/images/DD_National.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", WoW CINEMA
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://zeelwebsite.s3.amazonaws.com/zeetele/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/zee_action.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/919843853120577536/-zc_BK2V_400x400.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Anmol
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824780_ico.png?ts=1613206048" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Bioskop
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/824762_ico.png?ts=1613204084" group-title="Hindi Channel", ZEE BOLLYWOOD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/930367214049484801/_UbwXy25_400x400.jpg" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cafe
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Zee_Cinema_New_Logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/Zee_Cinema_New_Logo.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Cinema HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.smartads.in/resources/assets/uploads/product_group/Television/Zee_Classic_India.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Classic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://godish.com/wp-content/uploads/channel-logos/zeesm.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Smile
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Zee_TV-2018.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/Zee_TV-2018.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zee Tv HD
http://?PVluZHdWemJoOUdiekJUVEloRlZwUjNLemNYZU5oR1Z5dzJMbHhFY2pkMlJ5RTFSeDFrZUdoVVlVZG5Wd2hIWnlwM2RYaGpWd3RpWnRWRFowVmtRTFJuTjJZamV5Y0dhdkVuTmpSMlV3Vm1XNE5XUlZSWFppQlROb0puZHBSa04wc3lieGxUU09WblJXRkhjNUprYldwV2R2UlVOeFpVYTRaRWNXRjJTcXBtUXVsM1FWdDBhNEVEWnI4MGN6bEhTdjEwTWlsV01FSm5UYWxUYlJOMWE1OVVaMWhtZFZoVVV3OFdZRVpGVU1obGNWeG1WeUZrTW9KMmFTWjNUMTVtTUtGVlFEZG1iNHNTVnl0R01weGtab2wyWTBjR2VLNW1ZS0pFYTZwRmJIcDJUNTFrTUNaRmJLaEdjenRVZDFvbWJ5QlZadk5qUjRsWFJySW1TRXhHVUlwa1pKSlRhNUpXVlNOalVxTlVaTEJEYzJOblprOW1WaHhHYzNValFyQnpRNVprYTVRR00yVVhjdnNXUWpoV2F2Z0hlRkZVYTVKWE9ISkdOdlVuWk1wbE1yQWpjb3R5VHRCRlUxVlhiVzlDV3NCWFVoUlhVUUpHYlBaWFU0Wm1RcGx6YTVjV1FROUdNalJGTWE5MmJuWjBTb0J6Y3NKM0s1Y1dOVWhXZDRWVE12a2pkYVpFV3ZrMmR1MVVlMlZuY0twV09xMW1aTloyY0Nsa1d5czBWcmwxY2sxa1R5b25RbDVtUUJSWGIyTTNWNVoyVTBkWFZSaDBWMnRHWjE1a1F3WkZldUIxVU8xMFkxbG5lMUUyWnZnV2IyTkhVdVIyYnlKSFVUZFhjNHRHT0dOV1ZDSjNhMjVXZUlGMlpDSmxjQlpuZXhOR2JWSmpUNjltY1VKak0wRkdiT3htZXZZMU56RkRlb1psYzRSM2N5RTJOTGRUYTRjSFJ6UTFLcWxYTndna2E0aDNjdU5FYXljbmFZTm5RMkpUUXlkMUxyNVdjUVIzY2laMlpuTmtjM2x6UVh0MlY0dEVkWVZGTjVGSGJHbFdaM2NHYnpGbVNteG1lNVZEUnF4V2ExNG1VVDl5TFB0aWNENVVhSnAzWnJKVVYxcFVhNFEzTDZGa1dJWjBiamxuTkc1MFQ2dGlWSUJWVW9obU5DSmpXcmRsYjZGR2JCdDBiM2hYVTFGVE5WSkhiME5UUTFWMGRhQkRSUkZGYTVGRk5DWm1USDltVFFkbVJaVkZhWmRUY3Y1ME0xaFRTeG8zTnBKM011VkdiNUJuYmtWRmMwUjJLcUZIUlZGR1ZZSm5ZemREVFQxVWJGUm1aRjFHTW9oV1poeFdNc1IzTXVwVlIxUUZiclF6Ylg5U1MxRjFTenAzYW81V1lVUlZWdmtUYnVsMVU1Z0hNeFp6VGp0MGJyaG5jeVoyY0pOV2NacDBiNTRtV3pkRVR1TldVTTlXV1NOMktVVlRlTU5YTm1oVVZ0TjNSd2RIV3hZM1VVOUVjTHBIY3pZRFQyOUdOb05UVTQxRVJLaFdaeE1VTVpaVWVzeG1NMFJFVXlGV2FScG5ZMmczU3hjVmVrOTBkclVqVlRoR1VubDBMaWhYUXdoWGVGRmtNVGwxYjBrRlRSVkZadDlXZDJSbVc1TkhXeFZFYkVCemNTQmxRb04wTDRCVFM0TmpZcmMyVDJkemQwY1ZhNjEwTkxsbVVxRmpaeGRtYXg1MllvTjNjSEpVYU5OelkyTVZicjlHZDBsV2FhUm5ZcUpGTndSSGRhRm1WR3RFTW9aM1VVRjJaMElITmlKR1ZoQm5iSDlrVmpOMU5xeDJhM2czTU41V1JxOVdkQlJXY2lsSGU0azBRNnRrY3ZGalpwaFhkbHBuYjJJRGJESkdhclJHVXpKVFZuaHpLd2NtZHlOM1NJbEdkQmwxVFNOME00WkdOdmRGU1h4bVRHZDBkVWxXYmxkMFRKVjFMcXhFVDNBSFJLUkhka3gyTURCSGR3aFdkM00xVjRSV2JKdDJhb0JuVndFSFo0cEhjdnNDYVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="shorturl.at/rIJU9" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zing
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CFnArA8VEAAerym.png" group-title="Hindi Channel", Zoom
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/394-3943096_ad-sport-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Abu Dhabi Sports 4
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/Logo_bein_sports_1.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a9/c4/51/a9c45169901929a07f6bc7bd2f81aa40.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 11
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/Logo_bein_sports_2.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c4/Logo_bein_sports_3.png/1200px-Logo_bein_sports_3.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRzr0RFwcAvkAaOfALVDZ87J4McAkvfj-BR2w&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports Channel", Bein Sports Xtra
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/7a/df/4f/7adf4f93765290728de8f3470d780170.png" group-title="Sports Channel", DD Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/ae-dubai-racing-2-3859.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Dubai Racing
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.desifree.tv/wp-content/uploads/DUBAI-SPORTS.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Dubai Sports
http://?PWsyY1RCamVKdG1lbFptWm5obFExbFdZMUlIZUIxMlN6Y25iMFlqYW05eWEzcEhWdnBXUnpsalFOWlhNVVJrTW1SR2UxcFZWTVYzWjBWSFczSkVPQnRtUTJvVk00aFZlNXhFT3NGMmEyUmxVRlpYY0ZwSGE2QnpkVDFHZEQ5RVVxTmxXeHRTYTRza1ZsZEhhd1lsVkNobGF3WUhiaDFHV3ROVGR5UVhRbjlHYnh4bWJ1cEVjeDQyUXJra2F4OXlUeTBFTUVKWFZTbGphakJsYjZselUxOW1RbzVtVlY5RVR2aEhheEFGV28xR2F6Vm1aclJFTjFObloyd0VSclpYUnpSMVUyVVVlT0JWUUx4bWJwQmpWeFp6ZGpwbVZ0ZFRTdVJEZENoWFcxVWpiM0IxWnY0Mk1WRjNhMlFIVHpWMmF5UWxTdk5uYXp0bVlOTldUbXBXYzFwbVd3UVhjd3RpZFpGRWVweGtUbTkwVmhsMkwyTW1lMEVsYXN4bVlyaEVPcmR6VG1OMWN6UjNjeGdWU3FGVmFLRjNhc1ZGVDFaak1JdHlWQ3BHVWhkRFpSaEZlM2wxVG5ka04wZG5iM1pVVG9OM2I1UlROaXBuZFpKbWUwZ1VhcTlpV2poV1pTcFdPc1ZsYmFKR2JoeDBiRVptVzNkRlYxOUdUSE5IY0p0VWVhdG1hMVVtTXhVMFk1aDJOb2hqUzBobWRGcFdPRlZsZGxOMWNRbEdlNTVHYzMxRWNIbEhlRjFVT29wbGIyUmpRMkpHYnF0R1UzbzFNNGczWTRsMGR3MFVlMk16U0tWRVRvWm1hVGxYUXdZWFZYZGxUdWhXYXpKVFFTaFZiNlIxTFdsRGJLOUdONElqYkMxbWJ6TW1aTUZtTm9oRFRWTlZjakIzZHlBak55YzFidmNIVDFKa2VxQnpZWE5rUVdWWFV4SUZhcXRrZFpsMlp4TWtSMnQwYXBWbVlPRkhVS3AyTmE5MmFYZFhhdzRtWTV4R1dpSlVibDltUnN0Q01zbFVib1J6WjJoRk0wTjFkd1IxTXJ3MmFwcFhXRlpqYzVFR01SdGlhelZEY08xMkwzZ1hPSTUyUXZORGRpQlRZMklVYnVwbVJxWjBkdmwzZG5OMlFGNVdjTDltYTZaRE8xOTBaUGwwUnl3Mkt5b21UMDlTYTJSRFpwcDBiclIzS3BWSGFsQlhSUVoyYnBSMmRUbERSMEVWWW9OVlczUmxOcm9tYVpSWGUyRjBiME1VVW1oSGN5VjNhVTlHVHJrbVlhRm5OMXQwYVdoME14UTBMeDlrWlRsMVMyTlhTNDRrUkdKVGN6ZG1XRGRtUzRCblM0RUdNSWQzVW5KR2VvcFhia0oxVXo1MFp4ZDBLTWhuUXZVM1FaUlRTRjVFY2k5U2VJTmtaeVZrYURSRFpEaG1ZdTVVV3I4RWFQSkhkdlFEU3ROMFpaZERNMWhXWm1oSFpKTmplTFIxYWpwWFV4TlRaMGcxVnRWblR2TnpaYTVFYUgxRU9CcEVhMUJuZTNSME5waFdkSE5YT1FsMGNFRmtkanhrZTU1a2VtVkhleE5YY2FSVGF3ZHpieVUxVlBSbldwcEVkeFYyYk1sbU14cFhkeGRUYzM0a2R3YzBjMzkyVFNKbE1uVlhXc0pWWlFCWGJ5ZzBMeGNHVTQ5V2RyUlZUdGxIZGpaVldVaDNjMHRTU3RGR1VuWkRVdVpuU1dOM2JyOHlVR2RWYXdRRWNOOVVWdFpXU3VOV2FNNUdXcmduVnhaV2FRWm1XNVpqV3JkVllPRlhkMzhtU3JWek16UURkYWhqYW5SRFZyWkRjeGNYZDA1V1ZMbEVacVp6YXNCVFR4RVZlMVJVUTNFVVFQSm5lYVZFYjFBamJXQjFUTUpFYjA5aVlFMWtXS2xYTXpOelQ1Y0RhVkZFYnk1a1Q2bEhXS05IZU85MlNpSm5WRFJGZFBoSFpETnpaNEprUzZoVlN5Y1dUeVpuV0xKVmIya0diVkZFYjZObGJMaEhNNWcyVjRvVlN2Vm1jdlVqVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/225-2256876_edge-sport-logo-png-png-download-edge-sport.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Edge Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/E/Eurosport-logo-E3F6A32147-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Euro Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/30/Eurosport_2_Logo.svg/1200px-Eurosport_2_Logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Euro Sports 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.fightsports.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/FightSportsLogo2x.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Fight Sports
http://?PWtHUlZ4MExQRlZlcmttV0J0VVF1aDJTM2dIVHRGbmF5TjNTTk5tY2tObmNtaGtTMXRXY05KbVFXaEhUeFJET1FsRGNLWlhld29tUW5wR094Y1dhT2hXU1hwM1Uwb1Zkd1kwZEhsVWJ6ZG1WeGhXVjNBWGFUVlZhdkFuZXI4MGRDaG5kM1ZIVDJwbFF2eFdZR0J6Y1JKR2NacFdXbUJIVHlWSE5acDNVMTlHU2paWE95TmplM04yYjBBVE9ubHpTM05qYUR0MlluWlhlcWhEZG45R2U1YzJWeXRFU0M1R09obG5lbTlTZFRaa2N4czJWMU5WT3ZsSFZMTmxVTnAyY3ZOVllVSmpjM1p6YzFFbFJ4NUVVUEJETVN4V2JFVmxadzEyYzFCalNKSmtadUJEV3J4MFZVQkhleFVXVkVWRmJsWjFjc0ZtUW45VVE1dzBTdWRIY09kelp3bDBibVptWXhKV05yZDNNMkpUZElsR09qaDJLNVUxWk5KM1p4VlRSeEpGVk1SamRvTm5jMUpIYnI1MGN3SVZaUkYyUTVSV1I2ZFdlS05uUkRoWE1xbGpiRnBHVHZRbGN5ZGpiU0JIUzBCSFU0NTBTeThDYVR4RVpzUjFjcXRFUnRkMVR6UlhlUkJqYzNBbGFTUm5XTUpVUW5WRFNUWjFNTXAyUmFWR09xZGpjdlZrUllaRWIydGtTbkZEZHljWGFzUldXcFYxWmhGM1lyZFVlc0oxVmtOV09ubEdVUU5GTWFWbWV3WTFUMUVWVnd0eWFpZGpicE4zVnJKblI0TUViV0YzTDA1a2FvUlZNM2xtTXZzbVdJZFhVcUJ6Wms1a1FLUmpWd05tYjFFVVJtOUdOaVJtVUJSVmRDUjBOMmNUVnJOWGFGWmxWSU4zTEdkR00wZFVjclFXZEdwbU1zRlRXRnBFV3lvbVR2aERPdXhXZW5GM1FwWmxScnRXTUxGSFZuVjNadE5qZXdSVmE0OUdNVHBrZHloRGFWRjFjWWhuVkdoVlp2WW1jYVpEVTBoM1pucDJMUk5WTXRSblYzY0hka2QzYXlwR081SldWb2hYVlFOSGR1eDJMYVZ6TTRrR2NxdEVUd1VXVjFkRlUwUmxXMWNIUnlCRGMzUlRkMU5UYnJabFN4VkdNVGxEU29SM2FPVlRRV0pXY2tSRVdNaG5jM3BsWnVCbGJyY1dSTFpqV0dWamN3QUhWNXRVVXJCelUwSlhZYXhHT2toM1VocGtlWnRVTU90RVc1TjJMeHdtVmlGbll4ZHpUd0oyYzBjRWQxbFVZeDlTWjRRV01vbDNieXN5ZHhNRGJyWkZjNEkyZDRoRlpPVkRTVVpYVWhoMk5yQmplbEZtYUl4MFRybHpLYU5XTzU5V1dHOTJZWTlDYTBnbFU0VjFib3AzZEtoM0xTSkhjVWRYVDU4VWNpRjBNMUpWYXl0U2FXSjBVVFozWlRsWGJ4bFVhelFEVVk1bWVvUlhlUlZVVHl3R2F4RURPYUJGY0psM2Q2bEVOd3RVZW1KbldvOVdaWGxuZTRkMGN6Z2pidVoyVXlKSE5XQmxSM1ZYYndzV1FIZHphMWRUWUdCRGRzbDBja2xEU2tCbmF6UjJLbGhrYVI1RWVKQlRjb0JIYm5sa1JMRm5WTlJVT1V4RWU1SVdZTEJEYnNKWFRzTjNWTnQyY0JKak5vTkRlNDlVZDNKa2UxRm1jYTFXUndObmVwUkdjT3RXYXZ0bU1XRjJLc1pGTndJVWJ1RlhkR2hqVElKMGFCbEhSbVJYWTBWbE55QjNWWmhuZHlNRVRKaFRhejBXUXJBald5cG5XNWwyWXZ3bU5pUm1hdE5UYnpFbVF5Y2pkcEJIUllSRlNtVlhUR0ZGTTM1VWVLVjBUMGNqU3ZGVlVGcDBNSTEyTFo5RWQyRW5leEVqZEJSVmJ2SmtiNU5GUkYxV1owVkZWTE5VYXJza1psbGxhMFJrVjNGalN5TUhWRjEwUTBsbGF5OTBLMHdrVTNsWFE0SUhWeGhYTzFCRE8yOGlkNFVUTUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://sport-tv-guide.live/images/stations/a735.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Match Football
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://anonymania.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/matchtv.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Match Sports
http://?PThHUlZ4MExQRkZicmttV0J0VVF0aDJTM2dIVHRWbmF5TjNUTFJqZDFvR1YxQUZWbzlVVnpGRFNMWjNablZIV2tWRWNvWkZjRTlTTXVkMFFUcGthUk5IVXpNVWN0Sm1iQkYyTDRzMGJ2eFdTcE4zWjBCblRMbFVWeXRTY3JZM1RJcFVTckoxS2lGVmNwcG5hdFYxYnlCVGQyWmtVM05VVXdoR1YxVjJTWjFHYzA0RWV6SUZjQjlFV3hvVk95TnpaT2h6VXdrMmIxVUZOclFHYVZKMFNMdHlac3RXWTZOMlF6MTJTRjlpYmhSSGVPUjNaMmhXUjJaM0xGSlRUalYzY3lGbWF1bFZhamxrVEN4bVR5Tm5TNWxHTUVkM1U2VjFTV2xqYUdWSE5MeG1RM2RYUVE5Q1poTm5OV0JIYjRkWGVxdEVPeEVXVjBWVlUwUmphaE5IT3JobWNYSm1kNEVXZW1oRmI0VkdSR0YxTG5WblU1a0hWT2hIY3pGVk15MTBZMWhGWnlRRVdDUkhXVXBXVUZsamVJOVVSVVYwVDRGM2RHWjFMUHRtTnRsRE8zRkVkWE5uYzNFSE1uRkhUQmRtZEZoSGJSQlZWclZtZE5sSGVZWkdOdUJuVzJSMlZyVTNkRjlVVmoxVWRpUlVPeE5UTTROSFRNRjBTUmwyVG9KelJKcEVlc2REWk85bVZ4SnpjNHgwY3owR1dhcDBRdk0zWkI1V2MyY2tUbmhUYWhOV2F6TkhTVFJUTW90U2NZbFVNQjUyTnpkWE1qVmplQ0ZYWklOMmRCbFhhd2hUUjFSMEt0MUVSc1ptUTRabk16ZG1VMjkwWkt0Q1dLSlVac0JIZU5WalQya1hZMk4xYklkVWE1SjNRMDEyUzBoVmN3bEVjQnAyYUlWSGU1VjBaNE1XWW5WSGVvcGxXMTlFVnZ0MlJqaEdWSmhWZDVkalk0QlhScEYzUnlOR1NaOTJkamRGTmhaMWMxMW1UbzUyVjVCMU16TjBLYVZIY3psV1VRdDJaSUZYUXY1R040bDNVd3NHTUpCbk0wSlZTWlJXZDZoRFMweFdZeWwwVVRwbE1rbFhhSUpYY0QxVWVDeEdTdmt6YnA5R1NzSlViM2QzTHl0a1lTRkRhMlpUTTNKM1M0VjBkQ1oyVnB0R1RyMUVkTzVtZHdZMUt5cGtVc0JWUTUxR1RrbDJWazlHYUJOSGEzY1RjMHNDWm9GVmRQUjFLNGtYT3ZrR2U1WUVjbUYwWkxkMWQyaFhlMElqTlhkWFpJZEhUNFFFYkVaR1d5OGtSNGxVTW81V1F3QUhiMWxXZVFKMmJaMUdac05IWjRoV09NVlhhdlpuYmxwV2MydFdhb1ZrZE1ObVkyWmpZRk5FTW9sR2NqUmtOemQxWkpOamVYRkZPd1pEYTFFWFNXaEdURmRVTjZKelp6Wm1WRFZVTzRSbVR2aERVckVYY0xsV2R4ODBkbzl5WTZsbE1vbG5TRHhVZHpoWFNvTm5TQnBFZXZ4bU41RlZZM0pWT3k5MFpTaDJkemxYTTU0VWMzbDJOemNqVzI1V2JWZHpaQzVtYkc1V1lFRlhkRGh6U0tWVGRzeDJiaWRIYzQ5bWRyQnpVc1YyY0hsRGVHZFZkeVZVUUJObGNvOW1RNWRsWTVVVmRUaDFRNUZIT3g1V2JNMWtZTU4zWmlCbFQxTWxlTFJIYnpSalQwbHpSWHhtVzU5MktoZDJRd0VIZUxOWFMwUkZVMXAxZEVKbVF1VlhRNlZqVk5ORGJRWmxRTmhHYzM1V1JPWjFONmhtVlE5bWJPZEdjbGhVU0xaMVluWlhUSDVHUllKbk52WjBkRlZXYjRGak13VjFSMzFVT01SbU5wZFdackJGY2tWV2RZUkVTMEJWT3VoRGU1ZzBTaWhtVm4xa1lNUlZheWNHV3JnME40cGtZWmRIV1hKSFJJTkhkdGRUZHZNa1U1WTFNeTFFTTFsWFcwd21jelVYWTVJVGJ4VTNaT2gxTm50R1V0QkZOaWgyTkxCVFlKUmpiWTlpVDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn-1.motorsport.com/static/custom/general-motorsport-com-team-2015-motorsport-com-logo.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Motor Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a4/Olympic_Channel_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Olympic Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/PTV_Sports.png" group-title="Sports Channel", PTV Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/3c/1c/2c/3c1c2cd6a5e4de5511a86a87d82e5f85.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Real Madrid
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.clipartmax.com/png/middle/46-462953_red-bull-tv-logo-red-bull-tv-logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Red Bull Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.parsatv.com/index_files/channels/sharjah.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sharjah Sport
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://archive.org/services/img/SkySportsCricket_201708" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Cricket
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports EPL
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports F1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Football
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/6/6752.1507600241.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sky Sports Golf
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/Sony_SIX_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Six
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/20/Sony_SIX_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Six
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/Sony_TEN_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://skytv.com.np/admin/uploads/channel_image/98.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://skytv.com.np/admin/uploads/channel_image/98.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Sony Ten 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.searchpng.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/Star-Sports-Logo-PNG-Image-200x200.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.seekpng.com/png/detail/372-3722669_star-sports-1-live-streaming-high-quality-star.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.seekpng.com/png/detail/372-3722669_star-sports-1-live-streaming-high-quality-star.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngjoy.com/pngm/952/11033345_india-cricket-logo-star-sports-2-logo-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 2
http://?PW8zWWxkMlFPNTJaRzFVTlFkRmRuVm1XMFkwY25kR09vZGxkemdVZE9SRGUxUUZNNkpEVm4xV1JIaFhhUU5WUVN0a2UwaFZjMWQyTnZSVlF3SWtWUTEyTDQwa1Y2cG1jUlowTkJwbFYwSjBiRnRrU3JNSFoyNVViUHBXY3ZZV2JZVm5Ock5VVTNwR1N5OVdic2wwWW5Kelp5OG1SRWxqWnZWRE5RSlVWUlZuU1hoWFVIZDJkNDFFVDM5a2N6MTJRbkJ6UUJKWFJxcFVlcUZXY2paRWVsaGpXNjFHWm5aRE5FaEdXM0ZIZFpKRWFDQnpVMGtITXVKVWJvcGtTd2NHTjVJbGJGRmxkdk1WYnI1V2RzQnpLbmR6UzZwR1NVdG1SejlpZTBKM05OTmpOejlDUkx0aU5ZNTJUMGdEU1poRWRhWkdWMzhpTXpaV1owSlZWcjVXVWFkR1o0MWtlVGxVYjJwVk82MWtNdGhrZHM5bWJWaFdPMEJIYm9wbVZKeDBZNlZFUkhaRk8wZG5NamwzYm9sa2R2SlZhVWxWV3JGelRObGpWTTkyVmlSVU4wZ0hiWU5YVzVoVWR2dG1iQnhHYzE1bVczbFhUWUZHYVdKM2J4SjBjc3AzYm9WalNVdFdOVmRIUnhZSGRaSkZhMFpGU3FCRmRKcFdieFJuY21oMmJ1eEViVFYwYW9KamVzbEZjUkJWZDVjblkyQlhZMVFVZHp0a1d2cDFMd0ozTjBjVWRabFdhQ05YZHlaamM1ZDJkNVVIVnpobmMzSUViMmtHY3NGM2N5RkRibWRrZW5SV2V0ZGxlcFpsYTFsMll2TW1hTHhrY1R4VU1scGtjMk5uZWpka1pMTm5NNVlVWWFCRmVpQlZNYVIzZHlOa1ZEWnpVa2hIUnpWMlJCWlhkMUFITllWM012WlZTMk5FWjNOSE1sZDBWUlpqYXFkRFd2VlhZeVpGTUlWbVY0dEdTR2gxYjNZMWNKTlVXbkpVYTVwRWNxRkVOREJYZHZvMllpVkdhNkpETjVObWV2WnpMNFFFVjF4MlZKaGpaSGhVYTBZbmJ6Y1VkNWx6TURkMlJzWlhacTl5WTV0Q2N3ZFZVaFZVTnp4bU5uWjNUNVlYYU5obmEwb0ZlMEZITUl0bVd1ZFhlclJEVUZsbk1RSkhXS3hFZHFoR2NZUnphdEpEUlIxMllJVm5VTjVXUjZkMmF5VjJic05IV3dCbFFKVjBLeE1uUnVKMWF1cG1lNUoyUUlCRlp2QkhNUDVHU3c5MmJYVjNMczkyY3lVMUt5RTNSeDlHTjVVSFp6eFdjVDVrWXZNRmV3WkdPQ1ZFVXBwa2V5ZEZUcTVtUnlWa1Fyc21hTXRtYVRwVlJ2cGxWRVpUUjFnSE1DRldZenNDZW9kMFJwaDNVMnBXVzV0U1dURjNiMlkyTVNGMGRHaGtaU0ZsTm5semJFbG5ST1JIYXFOSGMzMEVka2QzYVdwbU10MW1SWEowTHpOM1lXZEdhWWhWZEt0eWRLOUVhNU5EYnQ1Mk1rSkhibFZVUmFkRGRZRlVZa0JGVndSak5EQjFLV2RHUk1sRmRRMVVhdUJYUXhzR1UxWlRRMVFqWXJGblF6bEdUeHdVYVI5RVVpRlZXMEpqYTNSM0wwbDJaS3BIYlVoWGNJMTBkd29YV3NwMFVXaFdWSXQyWkRWSGRyZFdkblpXWU50eVkzSm5RdDlrWXBSSGVpRlRPcHgyY3lvRWFoZEhjMWxUWmo1RWRyY1hUMnRtWWE5eVozZ1hOUU5IV3dSak01SjNaVzkyUXVsRE8wWVZkMUJsY2F0U1czZGtOeUIzVldoblRpbFRNV3RTYXJRSFV6QTFUcTVXWTRkbmIwZEdkTFpuYmsxRWNQbFZiT0ptUXlsRGRFSjFiMmdXUU9KM1p0Ulhha1pVT0xwWGEzUnpRNEUzWW9WM2F5RW1ZQ1YyYVZOME5STmpNNmhUY3FCSFRDaDJhSnR5THIwVWRMQlZNekIzTHZkV01JdGtVbFpuWkZoR1NFVmpldFZYYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngjoy.com/pngm/952/11033345_india-cricket-logo-star-sports-2-logo-png.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/star-sports-select-hd-1-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/star-sports-select-hd-1-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%202%20hd.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 2
http://?PUluVzA0MFVaUlZiU2hrWUcxR1UzVmxlc04xTXJSSGN0VkdjS3BYYmtKVFZXaGxXNWxsTVoxVWI2UjNZbFJrWjFkVWV2azJMekFuVTVaMFRUTmpOV0JYVjRWRVZ3dEdlNFVsWndKaldyVlVSMmNuZHBKSFVPOUNPMVVYY3NsSE16VmtZNjFVVXdoM0xCWm5RVE5tZVZCRmMyOEdXNWNUZTFCMWI1Sm1jWkJIUkRoRFVtcDJkbkZ6YTA0RWVwNTBRelVIVkpGM05EUjJOTUpWZWhkVmR3WlRjNkZWV3VabVl3cG1WVFpVVGsxRWEzSW1kVWhVTXJSRk9VSmpkNHBYUUhaR2VCZG5iclVEVjBWbWV2ZFRXVjVtZTM4bWQwWjNWVjltYllKSGN3WTNVNXRpYkVsMExLaEhTd0ZEU3VWMWNXTkVPTWhXZHhKM1VqeDBURmgzVU1aR1pTbDFhWEpHVTZsVVYzSlRTNVJEVVl0MlVMUkVlM3NTYUpOVGF3ODBSdUIxTk1sbE5LaDJVTHRTU3pGSGJHbHpjMGNrVDNkMmJHUldVNGcyVjFvSGJHUjNjNlpIWndjWFYxTm1VTXQyVXJWWGN5UVRUcFZWYnJSa2J0WldUMFZHY3N0RU1aaFhkSTUyTm90MGQyOUNid2hVZDJWM1JacEVVbnAzUXhFek55RUdkbWxYUnpOWFkzWjNVUDkyTkI5bWV0WjNRTnhrYkt0Q1NaaFVOM1JIWllSRmVuVlhjVlZEVlRSWGIwOG1ka1pUVXNSWGJ4STNkYXhHV01WMFF4UUhhNHAwVGFSVFIzUlZSd0JqZFBKM1ExZzBSVlpuYmlKMGQyd0VSMFYzU2tKM2FLZFdTcWxtUVNOVGJ6TldkcFJsVTJCSFRSaDNiUXRtWVVoV2R5MDBiMXcyWW9Sa1UwaDFZS2hWVjY5bWRsMWtieEVFYmFOMWI0ZEdTeVYwSzRFVFJqZEhic3gwZG1ORmQyRmtNalZFVndwWFpVOTJLeW9HVUhkbGRZaDFhMkVWWXlaRGEwSmxNdk1rU3I1bVI0Y0Zid04zYjA0RVRKQm5SM05IVTJRalRqSlhOckp6VU5KM2RaeGtUU1JUVXJwbWFPUm5Td2dtVFBObWV0RlVld1JXVTRsRWM2QjFjTnAzS3JVbllpbEdSTmhIYzZwVVk0WkZSeXRHTW9obWRxcDNaYTUwVHdBWGRoUnpOdTlVUXFsbVpJWlhTNUVYU0RsV1cyNFVlNWduWVdOMWQ2MVdZRnRTYkpkbmRYUlZOME5tZUhSVVpGbGpNcUpFZTVkVFUxQUhlem9YYXpFVWJaOW1kcXgyY25OMVlyUURSbFozUnN0U1o2aGxlMlVXZVNkRlp4Sm5UNFltUXJRbmJ0eDBUVTFVZU9oVlluZFhhNjl5VEtaR015NEdOVUJsU0hSMlpLTm5OTkZrVzFSbGFqRkRTMHAzTGh4V2UxTm5iUkpqWjRaM0x6Rm5SemNrU21oMlR2RVdlWk5tY2xGM2FIaEhWNnAzVjBzR056VkhkaU4yWW9kamV3VnpjdXRtZXV4RWUxZ1hVM3NtUnc1V1lOaGxjRXhFVnFOMEt2RkhXNDBrUVd4bVQ2RjBVNE1VZVNwbldybGtWMmhYVTNwWFRNbG1WT1ozUzRwa2J3VUVkd2swVDI1RVo1ZFdhb3RHU3hwMFpYUmtjV2gwUXc5U1Z3Sm5haVZHYU5kSFJyVUVXS3RFZTBwa1ZTaFhkclZGZTZOWFRwcG5Xc1JITnpramEyTjBOWmRWT3dSbFl2TTJZMWNYVjBnVGUxQTNibjkwVEV0U1N2cDJTVTlXWTM0bVF6TWpUcmh6ZHc5R1dtMWtjcjl5ZFhoMlZTZEhTek1GTml4a2NLZFVjak5GZXl4MFlGQnpicVJYZXA1V2FJUnpidklsTk5KWFIxbDNMeG9tTWxwWE5QVnpUNUpYY09Ga1pNdHlibkJWY3ZWSFJsaDJUWVpsVk1aMWMyWkhVdm9XTXhSa01JSjBRMFJuVTFoR09zTmtkTmR6YW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/star%20sports%20select%202%20hd.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Star Sports Select 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/1/11/T_Sports_logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", T Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/57/6c/36/576c36c2b45e2bc52b2360fcd2fd2eb4.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Ten Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8c/Tennis_Channel_logo.svg/1200px-Tennis_Channel_logo.svg.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Tennis Channel
http://?PTRXWnVGMk0wZFdiclUwWXNsbll2Tm5OV2RETUtGbmNZQlZieXBuYnU1V1ZsUlZXNVZGY3JRa1phZDNMRjEyTjNBemRRSm5jbHBIV3lSR1JoSldZM1VuYlFWRldZZDJiR3BsZUlsSE1xVlRlWXRpVEJ4bVkyTm5TQjVFY1VkSFRzVlRic3BrUTRGbWJYdG1WeVprVnNoR2J0VmtVdGhuTTRkRE1KbHpaVGhXUjZKVVp6RUZjT1ZXY0lwbFUwbEVObWxWVXg4V1JzSjBjbFJIYndWM1NHdDBLd3AyTVQxMFlqTlhhMEJqZTJRelpNWlVSeEpITXlKVk8zSVhSMUJYZXZkallNdEVidU4yVjJjR2V5VldSME5XYXpsSFUzbEVaVGxtZVVKak0yazBTeFpsYjFVM1J3RTNSdWhETTRRVGF4VUZkTHBGTzNKblZtdEVTMEZYVDBOblVqaEdlekpUTVhOVWJ5OTBZd2RWYkMxMloxMTBiNHNXYnRKbU1FWlhUengyYVRwWE4xTkhickoyVEtwbmJyVTNOYWhGWnFablZyZERlU3RXUlhkVVVyY21kb0IzY3paMmJxTlVjTDUwWTNWSFVuWjFVVEIzZFdsMWRrbFRiNFpWUU1WMVZURjNjNFZqYVdKM1ppTnpTYUZHU3BSR01LMVdNTGQyS3ZwMFRFSjFjeFlIYXFaM1o1TkdXeEFYUjQxbWVsbFZiNDBVYndRRWNTZEhUcmxHWldOMVROSjNjM2hYTUlWbmRMWmpia2RsYnJoM1k0SWxUVGwyVTRBSFdCVjNhNWMwVWhsVU15ZGtkUVJYUnp3R2F4STJjMWtsZENSVFp2d21Vc1JXYm9aVk1wcEhlS0pYWk1aa2QwaG1WUEozS3ZkVlFJSnpaUHBHTUxaMVE0OWljNEVuYk1OR1MxRmxaUWxWU2g1R1VydzJSV3BHYTJ4V00yd21XcFpVUUx0aWQ0OFdaeTQwTmlWV2I1QVRXUlJXT3RSMmR5UTJVejFtTnZZRlYwbGpkck1qWURGbVl3VjBNUVJqZDFvM2IxRVVleEZtY0ROemIwaDJZM3QwTTRzQ2F6dzJZdjhXVEVCMWQ1Rm5SUXgwTTNGWGVyTlZPcnBYY3hGVE8wRmxiTEZYUzVNblZyUkZPUmRtUVk5R1ZVOXlOblZsY1g5VWEyeEdXeFZ6ZElGMlI1MW1ONGMxWklCamVDTm5OUkJ6THBaM0xKZEVXNWRtU0VoV1ZQaDNjd1VHTjJsVWU1QjNaVk5uY1JsM0xacGtaSGxWYk9WVllFTkVXeXAxY0Z0Q1NaMW1ZeVVYUjBVbWM1TTJkNlZuTXJWbWJLbFRNa0JYTm5CMVoxeEdkTkYxVUVWSFIxTlRNdWRXUnBCbmJPcGxRaVpWZUhoWFRhSjNUblpsZGw5U2R3ZFdOdjhtYlJOVmNKOUdUalZsTTVoRE9xWnpTVlJuY0tablc0Z3phVGQxYzNvR2UzdDBZUFZGY0xaSFIyY1ZSeTAwZEtSRVc0a2tScGhqZFFkSFdTaEdTb3BFTVBGbmVzTm5jQ1YwTnFoVWQ0RUZlMWxtUkdSbFVIdEdkQk56VXpzVWFwRkdUcmhVZTNnR1pzVkdPMlkwYVZoVFpZaFRjekpXY1FKM1NVTjNiQlpEY0M1a2F3SkRaWkYyVXA5MmN2TWtSem8yVHlza1NaOW1jdHhXT3dwMGR2cEdSS2QwTDRRSGJVWnpjeGRtY2tsMlJ1eFVVME5WT3dsMU5NTlhVM3RVV1R0Q2MycG1Tc2xIVjJ4VWVPcFZWMmxYYzRRVmEwb21jRVZUUVpobld4TmpNU2hXUldsbVZYWlRPd0F6Wlg5a1R2MGtNNUoxZHZOVFU1cDNLV04wTGxKRmMzOFVZNFFHV3dablZtcG1kcHBuYXNsbFlyQnpaaGxtYTA5VWR1bEhhNVpXZHN4R2V5WWxXMlpYYmlKVll6bFdVclowVTJNVlZzeG1jNXRtV0tOMGJTdHlOaUpHZXRGVVd4TkRVdm9tYTExbWIwMVVhS2xGVjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0d/True_Sport_Logo.png" group-title="Sports Channel", True Sports 1 Premire
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://iconape.com/wp-content/files/hg/282974/png/282974.png" group-title="Sports Channel", Viasat Sport
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://aimages.willow.tv/wlo_logo_200_200.jpg" group-title="Sports Channel", Willow Sports
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/wwe-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="Sports Channel", WWE
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e9/Asian_Food_Network.svg/220px-Asian_Food_Network.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", AFN
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71NOXoPAO3L._AC_UL600_SR600,600_.png" group-title="Informative Channel", AKC TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Animal_Planet_channel_logo_green.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Animal Planet
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/44/BBC_Earth_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", BBC Earth
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.fptplay.net/static/img/share/channels/icon_channel_bbc-lifestyle_148379742953.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", BBC Lifestyle
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/CGTN_Documentary_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", CGTN Documentary
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/Crime_and_Investigation_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Crime Investigation
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.davincikids.tv/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Da-Vinci-Primary-Logo-RGB.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Da Vinci
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://toppng.com/uploads/preview/discovery-channel-logo-vector-11574229905pblh5eesph.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ef/Discovery_Asia_logo.svg/1200px-Discovery_Asia_logo.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Asia
http://?PVVIYUZsbFRWRjJieTlrUjFKalpwcDNLMTlVVzVCM2Q1VkZOa3RrZUhOR1JDVmtScDFFYlhCbmNFcEhkeFJYUnVkelpOTjJWa1JGTnJSMFYxVTFaeGQzUURsVGQwSVVlUHBsWkw5V2I0OVdOTE5uTTBsblJGOTBOaXRHY0VKVmJ6WVdhcEpYU3RkWFN3NG1lWU5YU285bWVxaHpVblptYzFwa1N5RkRUek1IZHpWRGNrMWthcWhtUXJGR1N0ZERhWXBXVUJOSFRxRlZkblJHYlJKR2JrNVdNeU5UWnJVMVN2VUhUMTlDYVFaVmV0cEZTRGgxVDRWVE12SkVjVnBXYzBVMk4yWURhbkZXV3hGWFoyZEhkMEVHYnJvSE1DNUdNcGxYYWloRE52SURadnhrU3o0VWR2c0dNUU5rVnZCemNOVlRZM3drZHZkV1lLVkdSM2wyS3BaalIxUjJkeGwxTG5kelUyeFVZdHRXWVJSSE5odENVVjVHYjZoM1RXZDFZc2RFVjNRV2FsMTJhQ2hGYUZka2J2VlVWaDFVU3JGVllwOWlRNGdtYjV4bWFWZG1lV3hFVUZaV1VwVm1XNHhVY2twbVdZbG1NcUJYY1U5MktMWmpUcE5XVHhoMFV2OVdUakozYlZCM2J3d21OeGxEVHZaRFoyUUhWcGhIVHpVRlZ3ZzJheUFuU2tsVk95UkZiUlpqYlRobVMwSlVjd04zY01wVVdTOUdlejUyVFR0U1ppeDJSbnRpTXE5VWJ5RTBaMGNUWXRObFl2UjBUYXAzUnlBSFJVTkdkTWRIYndCelJ2dDBTb3QwYUVGWGR6RTJVd3AyYjZCMWI0cDBZdWh6YzVSWFJybzJTaXhXZVBwSGU0VWxicmhuWjJka2JDWjFMSHBXUzJ3RWVCbGthRzVHYXhzaVd2eDBkR2RYVDJNSGFPRm5NaWRFYlBabWFNVkVTdU5rY25WMmNadDJNbDlrTk54MGJOSkRVeUZqZDJCblREdGlRbWxXZHBGbE5vUldiUlZsWXc4V1MyaEZTdklqY0xkMlRYWm5iaGRIYXNSV00wRlZkdWhqZUI5MFFNNTJMVVp6UVV0RWN6aG1iR05uVXNsMFJsMUdVczlXU2pWMGFFTkVjMmxWVU5kMEw1OTBiYXgyTTF4R1Uxd2tNcmRVY290eUxCOXlMMzkwU254V2NFbG5TV1pGVkkxV2FLMW1RTEpGTXJWbVl5ZzFTNGtXZHNaMGN2Rnpabk5EY3djV2Q1QlRhS1JtY3JjWFpNaGpTaGhWY0NOV2Q0UTNWdEpEVDJWa1dDOVdjbFZFZUxkemMyRTJjamxHTnFKalRuVjFMR1IzWlVCVk9zRjBhMGdsU1RWVld1bDNNR2QyS3dObllJTlVOMGxGYmlkM2IyczBkMXBXTnpvR1N3UTNLWlZqWlpWamQ1UVdSRE5WUXlwbFNWaDNNTU5ITnkwMFRYTnpaUGhuY3dSMGRyVjFieUYzWjZwWFV2TjNNNG9VYlRKSGVueDJSdUoxZGhKamJPdDJhQ1psYTNoR2NxdG1RUFJIVXF4RVMwaDBSQ2QyWWpSRmF6NVVhVmhWV0ZsbFUwUlRPT0YzTU9sM1Exd1djbWRYYnBaMlN2RVhVeEpIVXdoWFUzVVhVUVIwWmhGRWVQeFdkc3AxZHpKVE9ERmxXQ3QyY3BOMUxhbGthMXBtVnhKbVJ1UjFZVVZGZDE4R1I2MTBhNHBGYkhkMlE0OVVOdzEwTG9KRFcyUTNaS1JYY2tCMWNETldSWFJUT3FCMWNzNWtieTltZTRWbVR6bERjVVZIWmFCblZ1WjFMRWxXZXV4R09UZDBRdk1tY2x0aVlJaG1leVZsWXZZelZyZDNkMDRFVW50eWRUVkVNYVJITnN4V1MyWVZaM0puZVg5RVRJRkVleFVFVE9kVVFyZDNMUEp6TUJKM1lvaG5XajFHZDZOWE5GVkdVM1IwTDFOVGVpbEhXWDFrVUxCRmM1bDFZaVZVU3paMVEzZGtOMXBHZUcxa1JWUlZhcUJUT0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/Discovery_science_new_logo_2017.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Science
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/Discovery_Showcase_Logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Showcase
http://?PU1YVnpVSE1UZG1lR0ZUUU5CSGEwbEhVMEZHZDJaM1lpRlVWMkZYYUJkVk1qRlZNM05FY1JOSGJ2RjNUdk16UURKVWNOQnpUMU5VUnVkbFN2OUdSQmxHTmk5aWJyVkRjWmRGVTFVelFvcEVhQ2REU3p4bVN4bzBLWE5HYUVGMmJqRlZUb0ZrYzBKMWFXOW1hRzlDZVFaMFp3eG1jU2hHVXZoWFQxZ25ZeE1uWjRnRld3QVhldUprTkNSRlJ2bFRaSUJsWVdoM1ZuTlhTd2xuYTFrRE91VlRaM0pETkVsa1F5eDJVM2xEWnBaWGE2Vm5hMnRFUzRGWGFsRjFaclFYZHZSamRHWldlR0YyYjBRalo2dFNjcVZXVXdsWGFScGtkRnRpYTJORmFTVnpRblpuZEJGVk02ZFdVNlozVjNkVmI2SlZZWVZIZDFKVWQyUUdSNlJIV0hWVGJCbDBkRGxqVDJVSGJxdGlaclUxZFlwSGVTWkdjaGwxWjFjbGM0RjNhbmwwUTNCSE5KQm5XaEJIWnU1RWROaFRNbWRWU3VaRFV5aFZaSFYzS1NwRlMxQm5keUJ6YlgxVWQwSlhaVWRuVldSM1NLQlhXRkZ6YWFGbWFQRlVhMTkyTlhoVld6bzNjbk5rVXZNMmMwbzBNVlIwVW9kbVN3czBjeFozVHZaRlVYaFhkSzEyYzVGMmI0cFZPT0JWT0Q1R1JRUnpVNEl6YXdCVGFGbG1lMDFFWnZrM2R0QkhUT1oxZHcxa2F3TVRaMFYwTndSWGFSRldZVWgzVHlORU41TmplWXQyYXV0Mlk0ZFZhMVV6U0g5MlYzZEhNSGRqYWtGV1pQaFZWc1IzUnhjV1ozQkhOcEptUjV0MmFtbG5RR0psWndOWFR6a2xOSTFHUkk1bVMxMG1lNjFrYXc4VVZwdEVUQlpFT3lKM1RvZFhhb0ZYZFoxME5pOTJac3AyVkcxVVFsSkhPejgwVHBkVGJQZERlUGRGWjFOVFkxUTBLRnBuZXN4RWJpdFVjRXBtV3NWRlR3ZDFOS2h6YnVWbmFEbDBScjAwZFdWell3TlhTdUYyWjRKRk1oVkhNVHRVY3RCbmFDdG1hMnQwTXNWMk5GWlhadUZIVFBwbk1UcFdjTkozUjU5U1EzWlRUeUoxZDBsM1JDVlhObGxVYVdsbFp2VkdSdHhXZFdSbFV6Y1dielZVVDU5U2RZWkdUU1IyTDMxV1dDbGtXdWxuV01KbmVNaHpibmRsWlNGMGEwcDJOQ0pHVHBkWGMyUjBNUFpEYXpwWFNSdFdTMHRFTVlSbGI1SkhiVnBIVUxOa2N4YzBaa2xIYm5wbGRxUjBSTnhHUktKRmVyOENkUHBWUVVabVduRm5TM0FYZU9CWFEyZ1VSaGRYY2FsRWFyaDJWM2RuWjFZV2RUcEhhWHhXZWpSRGR2dFdiMWgxVHNkWFZWdEdNclYzVDFKbVpvSnpkMk1uTlpWa2RvTmtlM2hUWndSM1VPTm5WNEltYVdsbFZybDNLMzFtZVY5RWV1TjNkT1IzYTRaamFZUmpZR0pVYnlkVFZrZFhPUGhtVlg5a01zbDBhRnBGVUhGR2FyaFRXekJWT3VwM1Z2cDBRa3BGYVlaVlQ0YzFack5UUXRKbE5COUdSMEltVXZoRmRoRm1XemxWT3lWRk13dEdWa3hXVUVaRWFPaGpkNUVVVHdFVlk2aFdTckVtVTVrbmQ2aG5acFYwYllaSE9MUm1VcXBuV2lsRVp6dEdhWjVHV05oV2FvbG1RM0ltTTJaMlUwcG1NaGhuYTFjSE1DUjBaQkYxY0VGMk5uUlVSeWhGV290bWJSUkhTcjEwY2paRVVMTnpScmxIZFZKSGNHbFhhTnBITXdra2I2Um1UdlJIYm5WRGRLWldPeDVXUTVwMFV1RkdkeXdrVzZsR1N5QlZSeU1VT3JjSGJMOUVUV2RtYkNaRVJZNUVidjUwWU0xMlZsZG1RT0JEWkhabGN2bzNkeGhHUjJWVlZvVlVkemttWjJKR1JaRmtkbFZtV0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/Discovery_Turbo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Discovery Turbo
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/DocuBox_HD_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Docu Box
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://thesavvyscreener.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/docurama.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Docurama
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/yvNu4Rm.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Fashion TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d1/H2_channel_logo.PNG" group-title="Informative Channel", H2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.logosvgpng.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/hdl-automation-logo-vector.png" group-title="Informative Channel", HDL HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://searchvectorlogo.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/history-tv18-logo-vector.png" group-title="Informative Channel", History 18
http://?PTRHTU9sa05xZEVieVEzVDRJaloxeDBWUVZEZXJVM1FsOTJSeWhUZXRSbFRXVmxhMlZYVUlabE5ReEdSM1FsWkZobGF5UnpZTGxUYXVWSFVNdEdURE5uUUVWMlN4TmpjVXAzU2lWbWV2Qm5Nczl5S0lwM1pDWjJjdVZEYTJOMmNQZGpTdmwyUTJGMGFMNW1UTGxWY1hGbGJ5czJOd01YWTRkVlRxcEdNTEJIUm1GelVyYzFaV1pVYmpobGVydFVad0lXUk1sMk5rWm5jeE1EZXlrR1JXaDNRcjkyWUo5aVd2ZDNSTWxXUTNOR2JsaHpMakYwVTRCMVF3b21VU2RHWnRGbGU2Tnphak4zYTBORlYxUm1NajlTUUVWSE1YZFhXVEZUYjJVRFdqaEZPenBYYTJWR05QSkhXWWxqVjFoM2FUNUVUd1lWVnRoMk0xOEVSYTFtZUJKRFc2WjBhcmRYYVVsVU4yTm1id1VWYXFoMmRodEVlcm9IYm9WMFZYdEdOcU5HZXRWa1M0aFhlak5VTjZOSGE1OFVTRE5uUzBoalR4Rm1VVjVXVmhWVGNKVm5keU1rYU9oWE1vOTBORkZXYzZoV08zY1ZSSU5VZDFjR011ZGxRdUZYTVZaWFM1aG5XMFoyWmtkbWJPNVVPclYzVTJkRmVYSkZXNHdXVzE4RWVZUkhlQzVtUXdralo1UlVNcWhqVTU5R1VXbEZXNlYzWnhCVmNvbG5ZblYzTjRRMFJVRm5jQ2R6TmpkRWV3cGtkM0ZUTm9GbE5yOEVibTVXYWx4MlMxQXpaWjFrWld4a1puRlZUWXhXVjVBM05OaFVjNFFXYlJSSGJDRjFNeWgyYU1WRWFCZDNNNjlVU0RSVGFyd1VSSVptZG9wVk9ySUZXMElYYWFobFY1Z1hkU0ZUZHBOV1N4VldWSXQwZDZoMk1taFRNb2xWZXJKbmVRRjFTMlpFYXdZMlFJaG1OUU5uZHRsMlo2SjNVTHhVWnk1bU1DVjNLaGRHTklWVlZyRUdhMUpIVldkVFdyOWlTdFpIU3NkV1R5WUdVTlJHYndrMGEyZEdXNXhHYUpaRU5saDNiNFlrVXJFVWJMSm5helpYUjBOM2NrTmxOVlYzYXBwVWFaeFVlTkpEYzRva054Vm5hM01uVHRWSFVTSldOblZXZDA4VU1PaG1Xd0pqTkJKa2N1Um5Od3RXVzY5VWEwTjFhS0JGVzA5a1cxWkVUMDFtZFJoMFNqWlRjVXhrTVJGVlRwTkZaQmRYV05CSFNWSkZVUFJFZDBGVWJWUlVPNWhqZFRWVFR3OW1ZR0JsVDBRMWRCeFVUbnRHVnVOME5peGtTblIzWlNaWFJxRmxlRU5GZGlGM0wzRmtRNXhFZU05V1p4SlVUa1JFY01CbldwWlhlekpYY2p0MFNycDNOMWRYU0VaRWFLdGlSUlpqWm90eU1tUnpLM2dYWTA4aWN2UkViVVIwYnhkbVJ0UlZRVmRqUlhaSFJ0NWtjVVZWYUV4R2FOSmtWMnhFV3pFVE1oWjNVM1pVZFhSa2VHWlRWc0ZHT3pSMktqOWtTVHBHYXpjblZyWjFaSGx6VnBGWFIxWlZNdmNWWTF0R1ZJQlRjMkpqY3hZVU5xZG5RdjFHWm1sMktyODJVWEJIUzRremNSdG1WdlJrVnU1R2M0Y0dhcmRuUlhWRldQOTJaWE5sVUNwbGVxbGplb0oxTXlkWFRFeG1leFZGYVdsRU5DRmxWb05FT3MxR01PaG5iSEpEZXRkVGFIbEhlWXBWT3hkbmUwOEVNcjVHVXJaVVVsVkRiWHAwWjZaR2FxUjNjTGgyTWhwR2RYbDNObzVHZW9aR1dGRjBWcGxGVTVJektLZDNhWE4xUk5WVGNvZFZhdVZIYXlSVVF0aDJOSTFtUWtWWE5SVkdlbXBXUjZGRU95cDJOWlowYVJGblFoVldjR1YxYzM4bVRrQm5iMkZGUzJBbk14WjNUcE5uYzFrMmJ6TkdiS1pIWnkxbU4xSVZWWGhIU3JSWE9QcDFhazlTU0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/398-3989913_id-investigation-discovery-logo-hd-png-download.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Investigation Discovery
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mms.businesswire.com/media/20160221005243/en/510305/5/LoveNature_TypeMask_FINAL_highres.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Love Nature
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mst3k.com/userFiles/uploads/logos/mstlogo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Mystery Science
http://?cnhHYlZKV05qUkhhMXdHV0U1R2RSaDNSNFpWV3ZOR1UyYzJacTkyUlBCbmNKQm5kS05YVVBkemRxVkhTNWNFVWFoSGNvaEViRFpWZG5sRmJFRmplMmhWUWx0V2F6RkhPYWhXUnN0U2NYRmtaaGREVHJwM01LcFhiWHgyUzNWbWN1ZGxiUVZtYVNOMmN6SmtVcmdVY3pwbldhZGpZNFpVY2k1bVJVUkdTeFZqWTIwV1Z4SkhNUk5VVGFGR2MwMUVkWnhrYXpWSFpXZDBhSzkyUVFSVlRaTlRlNFVtYm5SRU8yMTJZNk5GV0daWFVzRkhjYVpYYkNCalIyTmtibkp6ZHFWekw0cFdRdmRGU3ZRRWQySVRXelJIWnMxV1RGQlRhMmwzUUhKR1NMWm1lNVVUZHZoelR2Wm1ZdUp6VG1sWE1pcFdhRDkwY3JNVFNGSjNVMjlFYkVKbFJ4bFdOYUJsYWpaWGNPTkRWWVJ6ZDVOelNZMUVWU2gyY3NaRmN2RVhkNXBITVF0a2NuVkZOMWtrZHpVSE51cG1heWtUZXVCWFdLTjJOcVJ6WUpOa1NKaDNMR1pHUkhCemFWOWlSaUZuZHZsM0xETlVlelFYVTVJMWN2WVVidkkwZGFoVlR6TkZWMkl6S3ZnbmRPWlhXM0JYZUdoalc0VkdadEZrZDRoSFIzdFdacU5EYlpCRGVUSmxhUFJVUjB0RVJQdHlkb3QyYkx4bVdRbGtiaGhHVUpOalM2MUVXWFJYVnNoV1MwcDFkc1IyYXRkVlJtaFVWb0ZEY1g5MFZsRkhieTBVY01SRmNEbG5TeVZIYnl4RWJXRnpjcDlHU2x4MkxGRmticGhEYVZSa1RyQmxOWWxEZXg4V2NVcEVPWUpqZDBrWGMxbG1XdEZrV3ZSR2RtcEdPWGhtVnhSRGJPWkVWQ0JUYXZaMlVCbEdkNVVYZEhsalJQWmxleG9GY3JsRE1wTjNVdGhtZFlkM1NZcG1jbGhVY0d4RVJWWkZjeXBFUm9kMk1HcG5jd1JHTWFkMWI1OTJkMUpVVzFWMFI1cDNiemhYVzNRblNzaFhkSVIwZGhOSGJwUlZZMGRWZHc1V1RhTlVjT2xGZGFaRlpOaEhVeFpqYVhwbU5ZbG5Ub2xuYVJoelpxRlZVQkZFVnJWbVpaaFdjNHhHZTVoRFQyZFhlMmdtTllKMVlxdFdlakZYVzI5bWNoNUdVcHAxWllsVGNVWmtOemxHTndnMmRFWm5Ud0YwUU1WM2RoRkZOclptVXlOelFZSjJaQ05YUVY1MlV6RVZjV1ZUUndoRWN5UjFMV1psYXVCM0tXSjJSUGhtZGhCVmRtSkVVNU5EYnc0bWR0UkhaaEpHYXI4Q2JwcEVOWjFtV3RSVWVESjFNVE5IY0ZGbmV4UjBjaDlXTU9CRmI1OVVUNmRtYnM1bWJ5c0NSMFZtZUVOMUtUdEdaNkpYZEtGSGVzVm5NemN6UnprRmN2cGtlaHhrUXUxRVN5OTJjd2syVUUxa1NTMTJaM2RsWXR0bVQwcEZhNmRWTm9wblZIRkZWSGhGZHpsMEw0bEdlNnAzWVpORVpFRlhaSzFXZVQ5RWV3WmxUd2cxWnhGak14bG1XSUZYVnZFRFNzTlZkakZFV0d0RWVzOVVUeDgwVjNGM1pXWnpaMWxFZEhoVlpLNUVjM1JqUTZkR2JZVlhkV1ZXVnd3MmJ5RkhPemN6ZHlCbllsZERWWkJuUlVKVVp4QlZjMEUwTDNKWE90ZEdXMWtsVWhwbmVNcGtleHRrZTNCbGFzWm1TbkJEVnJRM1p3UVhScEYyTExOa2NxbG5ZdjVtTW45MktvRjNhcEJYUlNKVmF4eEVlT1ZIZDJFV1V0WjFScmNWWjZwM2J6ZDBib0JEYVdsRk1aaFRRMDFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e5/NASA_logo.svg/1224px-NASA_logo.svg.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nasa Public Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/nasaLogo-570x450.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nasa Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/Nat_Geo_Wild_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Nat Geo Wild
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/National_Geographic_logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", National Geographic
http://?PUEzWWxkMlFPNVdlRzFVTlFkRmRuVm1XMFkwY25oSE9vZEZkMkEzWnZaRVZ5bG1TMlJXZTRZMEt3Y0daaTlrUktaV2R6Z1RPaE56TXU1MlUwQURhQ2htYWFORFNRSlRkWVJrVUZSR2IxOUVhdmhsZURsSFQwVjJaVFpsZUVCamJFWldleUJWTUVoM1QyZFhUck0zVDZGWGN5cEVTMUFEUnk1V01CQmxaM2ttY2xsRFdXTmphWFJFZHg0R1dvaFhZbjVXZDFwR1prSkdSck1EY21GVlRMTkhXMlJWYXJ0aVc1Z0hNUnBrUjVCVmJtcEhhTEpHTXpsVVNrZFdNVmxYYzRwRU1sTkhhWTVHYWhGMFpvTldjTk5WVHRkV05ZSlVXTkJ6ZENKRGFtbERPeU5qUkRsMFIzUUhNMVlYUTVKVWFoSjBReDlFT3JsblpoeG1hMUZYWjN0VWVHMTBhNmh6U1R0U1RwZG1hMHhXVmF0MlZqNTBZalpEZFVKVk8ySjFRb1pXUnJVR2JKUjNjdnhrZTVsRmJ6MFdUek4xVXlSSGVvcGxhSzFtYWpSamJROVNkckYzTnZJR041SkdkNEpFVHAxMmFpcG5ldkYxYjRka2VJMW1UNmRXWlNSalZNUjNibmx6ZDU4U2J3ZzNNMVpIYjBsWE40WTNaU1JYUWloMk1yUWthdFIzU3djWFlwRkRhcE5sVno4R2RpZFZXeUExY0toRGJTRlhleEJYVzJsRGFUUm5hWjFrUldORmJqeFdPeVFGY3JwMmQ2Tm1TUXgyUWlGRlVXUlRjMloyVHhSM1Z2QmphajEwZExaSFRoVjFiNVFuYk1aRFQ0Z0hWcFJUVElGa1NWNUdSYUJEVVZSMWRxOUNjUEYzTHhkbmNobGtZeGhIU2hSRVd6QTNibWhXVFJabWFwdGtRemhrZGxkMmFYTmxlQ3RrZHdSV2RGcFhlMGRqUUJSVGUzZFdZVnQwWXdBRGVtUldiVmhUUm5SMU1WVlROU3hXZDR0a1luSkVjbjVVTjJaalM1VkdVenBrTjVjblM0VkRUb3BWY0laR2IzaFVVMU5EUzFFMFlraG5VM29VVVpkbGJGcGtkdkZqVDRsSFZFdEdkeDVXZGhOa1l2dDBhM0JWT1VkRGQxcEVVdmNEZWtkM1ZrVkROYU5qZXpRMFZxSkVNc2xIV0kxMmJ4b0dOV3htZHlnV2FHSlVZUmgxWXVKWE40UjJOd2tXVlI1a2RqcDBiUXBtWmtkV012TjNRUXhHZUh4bWVUUjBjSjlFY3drV2FCaDJiMVJrY3ZKamVVRkhWNEJIYW1aVmFubGpSak4wTTNKM01SZDBRb3hHTnVwblpOeDBkV3hVUVBCSFd2VnpNa3RFVXVCWE1RbGtVa1ZXZXlJMk5scFhiMk5rZDRWR2JLOTJkU1JXV3ZsWGU1SWxjS2RHUzVsRFN1RldPdlpYYmFsV2IyVnpjRVpFV1FSV011TkZPVWxVYnVSbk5xQlhPWGhFY1ZaMllLaG1hdjVrUzJJV1ExZ0dXREpEUlZWa2RRaEhidmhFU25oM1NLVm5jSkpuZFlWeks0MUVkd2MzUlFGek0yOUVUcHBWTllOM1pocDFWU3BFYkZOMWJoTlZPdUZuZDJkbGE2cEhlVUJIUm5WRWNESmxkdjRHU3JkblYxUldTaU5uY2FoVFRXUmtjb0YzWTVKRlVuRjFkUjkwUTBzR08xdFVSbHRFYmFsa1UwaDJhNlpXUlBSMlF0TkhUWDVFUjVjVmVCcDBhWlZtTm9WR1I2Um5WM0JIWldoVVZGTlZjMnRtVzRZelJ6ZFRkbnRFYUVKSFdOSlZad29sYlpobGJIdG1kNHQwUmpGbWQwZ1hVMDVHVGloWGEwWmtiQ05qYXgxbVZQUnpObkYzWkNObFUyZGpkemRWVlpGelRyWkdjQzl5WVJCSFoxWWtUeFVsYllkMGJEcEZTenRHVE41bVVqMTJVMmNEU1E5R2QyVTNZSEZVT3RkWFYyZ0habkJuU3VaVWVPUjFiV05HTVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://ocean-tv.media/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Logo-OceanTV-FULL-1.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Ocean Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/540-5404873_outdoor-channel-logo-hd-png-download.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Outdoor Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pbsamerica.co.uk/wp-content/themes/pbs/img/logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", PBS America
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tillerdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/popular-science-magazine_610_407_80.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Popular Science
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/ae/RTD-TV-logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", RT Documentary
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/Showcase_Logo_2015.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Showcase Tv
http://?PVVuVTJOMUxNcDFhUEZsZVpGVFkzTjJMcEJWWXlzV05TNTJOc05IZHZJSFZvRm1OeEIzWWpORk94QkhSTlZUT1VGMmNIaEhNb3hrWXZGWFlEUm5ja2QzUm54VWRDTlZjWkJsVktsVGR6Vm5ZaDlpVzBwbk5XZEZOek5qYmtabU54Z1dWc3hVTndFV1R3bzJVdGRVUTRJMFpPQlZZME4xU3JwbWF4SldhdFZYTXVaSGFEVlVkV2xEZDFWV00xQjFRRVIyUWhOblQzY1Vkd056Ynh0a1F3WURWdVZtWlhsR2R3ZzNUM1FtZUtwMGRHMWtSMmxuYXdGbVV5aEZiM29HVXZKR2JKcDNaeGxUYkxWbloyTldheVExTTRRM1N4WlZiMEZtZXI4MkxROVdTM1YxTG5wRmNyZG1hVGQyVDBsMGFrOUNkajkwVnZoWGJvQkZSa2xtTTFSRmFQTkZlMWNsZU45eVNySlhhR3BYVURKWFV3RVRWbmRsZWw1a00zYzNidWgyY09SVk0wUlhjdVZqVjU1RWE0RTJWd2wyZHVCVE4wSjNLMGNXYzBzbWJYRjNaTDFVT1pkbldvaDFZRjlHTWtkSGQzVjFRRGRXZXlGM1ZZVlZNd0pETW9kVE1XWm5lMGdIUzRsM2NuUjNkdzFVUXM1RVNQZEhPWEZuUjFsMVVtUkhlVmhUTVlsR1Z2OUVjaTlrWmkxbWF2MTBNWFprZHJaa1FMaG5hMFJUVGtGM0t3dFdXdEYxVDExbWFyRVVTTFoxU3pkbk5uSlZUT3gyVXZKVmRCcFhiaFJXWWt4bVd2OWtXUHBIU2hWWE5ZdDJNWEZrZGFSMWFLaGxib2xsWjVBRFVZWjNidUJ6YURsRWE1QWxlc0pGZTVwVWJZaERWVGgzYmtaMFJTQjNjTmQyWU5OVldyUkdUblZXVFk5MmJsVnpLTUZ6Y3pZMlNVQmxkNU4zYlVSR2F5WjNjNFJGYUpWbWNrZDBUWGxHWjJsV1RVZG5jdWwzTnA1R1VzUlVkeXNrYUJkVFdvaGxRbEpXU1loMlpIcEhONkIzYTNFMkw1ODBadUpUUjJNVVQwODJaVFZtYUVGSGFHdGllblZtYXFka1J4bGtUQ0ZYVkZGRFdyeG1icWRUYTBZamFzRlVOUVZrYTE0R2F5RkZlTU5uY3JGbVk2MUVWc0ZETjNkRmUwWjNiMEV6YjF3R2NxbFRPcmRHZTVaWFE0VUdVMGdIWllSbU5YWkdidlpWWnJVMFZydFNNSHgwVjF3bU1NdGtidmhHYUlkSE53ZDNNcEYzWkZwWGNMbDJZWWxWVFZaMVpoeGtZSHBuUTBwWGJKUjJLdmRtYVZGV1U1UWpiNElrWUJKekxuUjNMajkyVWwxV1FtSmpTUlJWZDRGVGV2SW5XdlJrVEpKR2FTWm5XbjlTYzBnMGNzNWtlMHAxTjFoalNzUlVhNmhIVGlGMEt0TmtkdEp6TlZCRGI2VlZRRlZIU3BOWFl6cFZTbmxqYzNnVU1wSldiNE5FU0VsbVFqRkhTWE5HU0tGMlpzbEVXdnNFZXFOSFd1RjJRdmtYWUZGVU16VVdjUEZIUnpsVVozTlRhdmNUZGxwSGFtdDJTTWhYY1Rka2V4RVhVeEZsUTE0MFV1Sm5leFJsU2FsMGFyVWpjUXBuYTNaWFFQeEdVaXhHVEVKblJ1cG5kclJEYm5sMGRzUkhWTUpFTXRwR014eG1jd1pUYm1CbGNPeFdUcWxYT3RSMFZEWjNWNFVVTTBSM2R6cFVRRGQxZG9aV1VNNVdPenQyVndwV1NONW1iNXhrYjIxMFZ2dHlLdnNDYUpoblprUjBjckpXZUtaRWFPZEdkc0prVDQxR01JNW1TeEpYZFVSVWQ0UkdTMlJsTXpObVd4aHpOU2gzWjZOVU42QkZicEIxWVRsVFJzTmxVcmQyWVRaWE1NeGtUTnBsYTVKbE5PQlhZMXBXU0hwRU1veG1hTTVFY2hkRWVuVkRXdmwwWXZaVFN1SlRVUWxuTng1ME5rOVNjRmgyTTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/thumbs/2x/the-weather-channel-1-logo.png" group-title="Informative Channel", The Weather Channel
http://?PUFYZWhWRk9sMTBkNEZrYjNWRFRuNW1XM1VuUkdoMmJrVkVPNWxEZHowMktxQkRkM05tTVVaa1Z1aEdjRVJGT1loMlpTcEhlWmxWVG5CMWR2UlhPQ2hIVHFOMk1EOWlleVZVYUpORk1zRlZZVFZYUzAwMlE1VW5jbE5UY2twVVRhSlVTdnBuV3cwMFEzWm5ic3QyUzJZMWRpcFVONU1qUzVaMktsZDFMT1JIYTRnM014VlZjTk4wYXVaV1V4SlZSNDFVU3k1V1ZxUnpRNFZtZFJSV1VyUkZkNkpXWnJWM1UyOUdaVFJHVFVkMGF4Wm1RMlowZHhsVlEwaFVWMGQzYTBoV2FaNUVjS2R6VTVzeWIzTlhhTE5rY0lsV1MwSVVVR0ZXZWpCWGIwUkVWemxrTVRaVFNhZFhTSU5rY29SWGEwdFVjdzBVVDJabk52VkhWdjVXZTV0RU93bGtjWEIzVE9SRlVxTmxTMTlrY2xKM1pHQnpkRGgyYkxoRmVOeDBMMWRFY1pCVGNEcEdlemRsY0JkRWNZOWlOMjVXYnloMExaSlRkYVJIUndwa1UyUURjS1pFUjBOMVIxTlhPMmdYVktaM2FFSldaQ1JqYVRoRFRpRlVjd2REUzJNVVJqbG5ReFFrTnVGbWR4a21UUnRpUnJablFubDNRNDVtVW1wM0syOHladmhFTk5KVVUxVlZiVmQzUzM1V1U1Tm5NSTEwY2hsMFQxZ0djdlIyTlVsRVR5UW5idGR6WjM0bWJSeFVjdnNrVzRWbmF2cDJTalJYUTRsM1NDSnpkdE5rVDJzU094QkZkT1ZYY3lBbldPSkhSeHAwYTNOVFU2cGtONEZVZDVwbll6dG1VeG9XVkxWamJKNTJMM1FVV25OamRCRkRVMFEzVDFOMllWRm1jMlYxYXhWM2MzcFVXMU1UWU1Wbk5SRkVhTlJIY3FOMk11WjNNb1ZqVTNORFNYSkhUNGNGWkdCbGFUSkVPcndrUzE1V1FNVm1laEZuVXZoa011VjNkdE5qTnBWbk12ZFZZMmtVUlc1V05KUm1NVkpqY1RCemNCUkdhM3AxS3ZGSGJ2bG1XRFpYTzNaVGQwNUdlNjVVV3FGak5ocDFOelZuV3l4MktoVkZiS0pGUkRGSFUxRkVVMDlDUmp0bVN5ODJhck1YY3djSFNSRlZXb2RqVzVJRWNEWlhXREZrVjVVVmFwcDJUUFpUZHRGMUtqbG1ZNEkzTFJoWFFOaEZiaGhGY3I5Mk11UkdUbk5WUjBrM0x3WURVdWwwZElCMVRORjNUcnhHYkxGMks1VUhTSmxsWklORGJ6bGpjVnAwTDVwV1ZMRkdONEJuYmlwV2RpTnpib1pXWkRaRFVveGtZd3dXWjVsWFMyeG1VSHRpZVlobFlUVmphelpXTVc5R2F4aFdSVXRrWXhRRmJOZDBRRjFtZHhWV01aTjFORjlHZVZaV2N3TVdjd2dHWks5V2IzMW1UM2dXZERoSFdvOUNUejhXZUpwR2V6WVdRd1pYTVdwbWJ2cFdUVlpEYmlSbGRzZEZUNkJWV3pkRlJsTjJMc0ZYU0ZSblFzOUVkUXBWTTBoMlk2WldOeXhtV1U5bVp2ZEhjNloyWmFKMFJKZFRSd2hWWjFBbmFReG1UcXBVVzNRM2F6WkRXRkowTjN4R2JWaG1ZUGhYU1NkSGR1bEZlTXBVUlRkMFEzNUVUQlIxVnJablVHSjBNYVowYnFWVlVYbEdjejFtWkNaMFlYQjNVd01qV3ZwbmM0SVRjVlYxWXdaMlFORlVRYWhuTjNZMFZxWjFhcmxEVnVoMGNwaGxWbHBuTndrSFZNOVNiTXRtYkQ5Q05XbFRTd1YzTHZRVGV5TVhiTWhtYnpoelp6NFVWR1YxUzQ5eUxqUlVUUk5IZG5CRGRqQkZkeEJuZTV4RWR3SmxZWXhXVnNWbmVRcGtTQzlTYlRwa1pGOWlld2xVUXVkbVNqOW1RRWwwWjJ3V2N4STFUNGdqUnhKWE5KWkhNbHgyTWFsbFQxQW5hMEVWY0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/TInMfsC.png" group-title="Informative Channel", TLC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iXwGMoe.png" group-title="Informative Channel", TLC [HINDI]
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/Viasat_Explore.png" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat Explore
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/Viasat_History_Logo.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat History
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/Viasat_Nature_Logo.jpg" group-title="Informative Channel", Viasat Nature
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-c6eX-156UadfwgTc8S6aUj8bnnniJ1PvtM9qnepbq-CJsiOtRWDBVHs_dH-aLT0lKrU=h300" group-title="Informative Channel", YTN Science
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/Aaj_tak_logo.png/200px-Aaj_tak_logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", Aaj Tak
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/48/Abc-news-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", ABC News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Mxm77nQ.png" group-title="International News Channel", Al Jazeera
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9n02RJU.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Amar Ujala
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://edge01.iptv.digijadoo.net/static/arirang.png" group-title="International News Channel", Arirang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://tbivision.com/files/2014/10/Australia-channel.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Australia Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UxBVq6Z.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngitem.com/pimgs/m/198-1985267_bbc-two-square-less-logo-bbc-2-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", BBC Two
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://assets.bbhub.io/company/sites/51/2019/08/og-image-generic-lp.png" group-title="International News Channel", Bloomberg Asia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://calcuttanews.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/ctvnlogo-1.png" group-title="International News Channel", Calcutta News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/CGTN.png" group-title="International News Channel", CGTN
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/CNA_logo.svg/1280px-CNA_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNA
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e3/CNBC_logo.svg/701px-CNBC_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNBC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/cnn-1-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="International News Channel", CNN
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wyKc0nX.png" group-title="International News Channel", Dunya News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LD1Lj0v.png" group-title="International News Channel", DW
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/ET_NOW_220px.png" group-title="International News Channel", ET Now
http://?PTBtV3ZvWFpJaFZhR3hXVVR4V1owTm5NS0pXTjBkWFNwdG1iRWhGYjI5R2IwZ0ZPdTl5YXhwbGJEbG1VSk5sYmpKMmEyTUVVdnhtU3ZGek0xaERTTWRuYnZsMWF4WVRjQ0pEV1RkalN3QjFZbGRIU21oWE4yVjBURWxsY0NOM1E0SlZlclIxUU8xa1Z3RTNhTlJsV0NCRmVVNWtiT2hsTTNoblNIVkZkbHBtUzJRWFJVaFRheWNEVTJWblZ0OVdTNUJITXQ1V1M2eFVhSXhFYkpSRE5MbERTekJYUXFCWFcyOVdUNWhFT1pkMWFuZDBSVFZWTnF0RVdRRlZhaDFHVXpNa1k2dDJkbHBIU1hobmUxSjJRMG9rTWpKSFdJZHpkMmNVZHlObWUza0VXMVZtVUhOR2VxQlhOVFZFTmsxMGRYSkhkMUVrVzNObE1TZGxZcHBtU3pSallLcDNhV0ZtVHlSV1pxWkRWSUp6VnlkMmIxaDJOcFpVYzVWRVR6Z3pLcGxsTkZoak1LZDJSeUltU0NobmMwRnphSlJXVTRaalowOUVWS2hYU3pzR054SlVhb3BHTnBSV1dvaGxUM3AwSzBFblFwbFhhS1ptYU9KSFZNQlRVM1JXZHdnV1V2UlhXd1IxYzZsVGNMWjFkTGRWTm5WbVEyNUdiNDUyWjJOR2NPOVNkMUZXWURaVGU2aFVkbEYzZDVVSFJ2SlRld2x6YWxGMUwyMUdVNWwxYzRsWFZoaEdhS2hrVnJsMFp1NVVlVXBGU3pGWGNXcDJRVlpuZHBWVlRDQm5lbnBITnhKMk51UjJWcWREYnZwbWF1NUVhbEJuYkJGbVVwZDJUMmRXT2laa2NwUm5OcjFrYzJFV2JwWmpTbWREU3Qxa1RNSjBjSzFHVmpsRVNQcGxlUFZWZHgwMlNyTnpUQ3hVVWtkV2RscFdVdmduYkVsMFNDSm1WMGxXWXdRRVJDaEhXMUlHTnI1R2NMVlZiWjlVZTVaWFJCTkdTRjFXYVB0aWJVMVVjdEpXVWhoM1kwWjJRVkpsYndkV1p6TlVSNHRTZTVnMlR6OGlZczlFTnlNRWVPZDNRa05rV0ZSamVSTkZXNEYwS3VsM1prVlRUdDlXUlR0RU80YzJjbDkwVFpKWGI1OWtOSXRVVHpRSFUzSlViME5IYTNvV09yRWpUc1pHZDVNM2FQdG1NTnhtYmFoWGVTcFZPUnRXYnZSRVJtSlRTdVozYVpObFRrZG1ieFVqVHhKRWEzbFdkQ1oxVFRKblQwWkhPaXBrZHpFRk9XRlhNMmh6ZDZwMlJrUm5RcU5WYjRzVWFYOUNPdGRHVnV0a1ZKOVNSNFpYUzVVa01XOVNkREYxVUJSR1N5TjBOMWgzYlNwbWF3Sm1RSFpGZHJWamVsQnpTbk5VYm5sbE1wTkhTR0ptV3Qxa2R1Tm5NMm9tU3VWVGFtUlViMmgzVEtOMlV5SjFjdjVXZEM5RWUxSjNkVWhIZTFzR1NHTnpUbTFrZFVkR2Myc0NaeE5IZUVWV09ueDJTR3hrVDBNV2F4eG1VYUZHTjNoVWRNTjFNRnQyTTVVVVMxUlhjNGtXTlhKa1F4RlZjblpHVTBkWGJ3azBTb1IyWkxobU5RcFVkcVJuVElsV2VIaFhkNUkzTVFSMWRWeFdOeGdGVTVKRVRhbDJZS2wyWVJkbFVHOVNjcWgzTlVSRlo2cDNTTnBsUnNkMlJsSm1RRFZVZG5sbE42ZGpVMlJVWlN4R09WbDJVMGhYZVl0aWJZdEVPMTFVWXBSMUxPeDJZbmRIU29Sa1R2Vm5kMGRUWUpGak1vNVdkYUZFYUk5V2UwaEhVQ1pWYjRGblkxWjNOdWhsTnNSalUzTlhaQ3RDUk50VWRoQlZlV1JGYm5kVld0WmtabTVtY1hOV05ZcG5jaEpFUnhOVE1vZEdVazlrZWtsMmEzUUhWaHRTZElKRE9KWkVUM3BuZDNGalZKaDJLeDVVUlloM2FvMUdWNlpsTnNwbWJXRlZRMHhtZEhWR095WTNiYXBIV1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vectorlogoseek.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/euronews-vector-logo.png" group-title="International News Channel", Euronews
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/o/6/6554.1489225299.png" group-title="International News Channel", Fox Sports News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/R77S4T4.png" group-title="International News Channel", France 24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/be/India_Today_TV_Channel_logo.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", India Today
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/a/AATXAJz0yqo9CQPGbJLD1IpyBCowrDV9ZtWS408jnyEzzw=s900-c-k-c0xffffffff-no-rj-mo" group-title="International News Channel", India TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mrUAPtg.png" group-title="International News Channel", Khyber News
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1b/MirrorNowLogo.jpg/200px-MirrorNowLogo.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", Mirror Now
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/NDTV_247.svg/250px-NDTV_247.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NDTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pQ7nl12.png" group-title="International News Channel", NDTV Profit
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/c/c1/Newsmaxlogo.PNG/259px-Newsmaxlogo.PNG" group-title="International News Channel", Newsmax
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/NHK_World.svg/1200px-NHK_World.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", NHKWorld Japan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/Russia-today-logo.svg/200px-Russia-today-logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", RT
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://static.epg.best/uk/SkyNews.uk.png" group-title="International News Channel", Skynews
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/UdcSRtu.png" group-title="International News Channel", The Weather Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/Times_Now_2010.png" group-title="International News Channel", TIMES NOW
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6e/TRT_World_logo.svg/250px-TRT_World_logo.svg.png" group-title="International News Channel", TRT World
http://?PWNtTnpnbE5SOTJaNDVrVVd0MFRwTjFMcnBVUnpkbVJ4SlRPQkpYYlBOV1RISlZjMDFrZHNsVWVKWm5iM05FY2lkRmUzRVVhM1JsUjYxVVRFTnpWazVXUUpOa1FxaHpkUnAyY1hsMGFzMW1WdlFGZWloM1QxQWplMFpqZUJWM2J3aEdleEZIYndrMExzVlhaMVlsZHkxa2FxWlhiS2RGVDBwV04wSURNeFlIT2xOM1J4TVdjekVWTVRObGV5dEVXMzBVVUloM1lORjNNUVZ6ZHlaVFFNSjJTeVJEYW5oRFpUNTJLbEZXV1FGamIwRkdOeWN6Y3dSellLZDFiVHBtZUZSVFlxTkhiMGdrUXZkbFVxQmplRE5rWXpNSGF4b0ZiYVJrZEdCM2MyTW1OM2wwVHpkVFJHWjNTbFYyUzRGV2N3SjNaM2RFWm85VWNLSlhlSmQzUmxOMkxKWjNkdngyVTNaMkt0eEdacjltY3NkSFZWZDJLbGxWZHVaVFd3VTNSckJIWlZGbVJSVlhRaVZXT3poM2JuSkRaa1IwUzZGVWNPcEVTaGhtUlBSa1NpVldiTlpUVm9SRGQxSmphSnRTVHpKM2N5TURXaEYwYkVsV1pSVm5kd3BuWlFKVE1OMUdSMEkzWnlWa2VNTlZVNlZqVzNKRlZUVlZXMkYzWTRsM1JFQlZiMklXTzRJMWMxQlZTeWhUV3ExMlZFWjBSNVF6Yk1GemJZUjJZM3RFUjFsRU9aNW1UaWwwTG14V2R4VjNOcGhVZXYxa2J2bFdUYXBHV3JZbE1RTkdkcmdVVnJGRVRuUlVkblJGUlZablNHUmtNcmtHY1NCbE42SmxSNlpFTlRCVlV1bDNZbU5UYTBna2JJZG1ad0pEYjZsVVd3WUhTS2hIUkdWelZWcGtjWTlDU3djblV0OUNVM0ZGWnhKM2R4SjFiMk1qZWlOR013NUVkcWxtVnpSRE16SUhjSVJIVVZ0MGJ6dG1NVGRFUzFoVFFSZGpSRjlXVTRFV2NIaFdkSkZFU1VWM2J1cDNNNWsyYVRObmN6VjFUemRuZUR4VWNURjBhc3BuUkRkekttSlhXcHRrVFc1MGE0RjBUWWgzYzNOelpJRmpjd0FuYTBwa1pXVlVhd3gyVnE5aU0zeEdSb3RFZUVKblYzOTJRVGRtYUJKVWFCTmxiNWRVTktSak1ycFdZSHBWWXhFemRUVm5lRGxFWnhsbFZLSkRTcWgzYUlSR2N1QkZlaHRTZFNabGEzQjFORUIxYllKM2FFVjNWSE4xY21GMGN0cG5iNGQxZDFKM00xbEdSMTl5SzFNSGM0TUZaVGhUVnl4MFQwaEVUNEFIVXJGM05JZFRiYU4xSzFkV1pzbDNUcGwyYnpwMmJqRldUbGQwY21WalUzVWphd0ZYU1loRFYzY0diMHBFZHpZR2F6aGtRSGRUTzNKMFJFTm1iUWxuYVVwbWFsTjJhS0ZYZGExV1duWm1ka2xtZWhWWFNRVkhid0JuY1I5RWNyeDJaeGRHT1E1RVVydG1jdHBVTWpOVGExZzFiM0JuYXJKRlZwRmxVUmwyTXhOMUxuVldlMU1VU1doMUsxUkRaeWczYkxWbmN5VUdhMkVtYnhSMVVVZFRaMUZXU0xORFJvQkhTblJUVm9GM2FNdDBMMDlHU3FsMllGUjNZcWgyS0RabE1PSlhjb0pUZVBwVVJ0VjBLMEZsWk5kR2RLOWtVSjkyYVJwVk9pOW1kMjFtVXowbWM2aFhjVlIzZG5wWGVya2tkTkZWV3pabGFSVm5jRkpYWkZGMmNTNTBiUlpGV0kxMFN1bEZVSEJIVnd4MllpOTJhdFozYTNaVlJWeEVXNlYyTjRkaldqbFhlUkYxYzRaRGVxbGxXUU5HTzN0a1lyc3lhSDUyYjVsMk01TWpjdkVuVnloamN5WlZlVFpHTVloV1ZLUkdad0ZEYnNoVGVMQkRhNmxGZUNaRlV1WlhVd1ZqTVc5RWJScEhjNUEzY3NwMGQzVm5ZaHRtVkpOalR5a1ZheDFVUXpnR042ZG1XWU56VXFGWGJVZEhNM2hFYlc5VVJ4SlRPeE5WWTVwbVZwSm5TUVpGYXdSM2ROUjBMM1EzYTZCRldZQjNZR1pYYllCSE5wVkZjNUltZHJ0bU0yeEVOMFFVT3lWWGVuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/VOA_logo1.png" group-title="International News Channel", Voice of America
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iwQc4dx.jpg" group-title="International News Channel", WEATHER NATION
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Arirang_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Arirang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRLCa5172AYKrPfgPwgAX5CsBccTeZ6R73Ij_D9-Se2TtV8TEX7&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", BBC Lifestyle
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://wpcdn.us-east-1.vip.tn-cloud.net/www.abccolumbia.com/content/uploads/2019/09/Dabl-Logo01-PinkGreen.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", DABL
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/Dmax.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", DMAX
http://?PXNHWjJnWGVySTJaVDVrY0NaVVN1VjFONDlrVnJFblJ2VlRVWkZUYXZJV1RRTlVSdFowTXZJRFUyWUhjR0YxUUZsbmF4QVhaQlpqUTQxV1p6Y1dTdlVYZEhWMVF0RmxlNUZrVTVwbGR1VlVXME5sVzAwV1ZsSnpNUE5EYTVNVVdaaERlckp6TkhCbE5xdG1hekYyU01wWGFtaFVjcTFFTm9KR2IybGtjSEZuVTB4RVVKbEhheG9rYTFZSE1zTmxXM1p6UjNnbWJyODJWa3hHYVlWRmNabGtOdkZXZHh3RVVCcFhORkJIVnBwV2FLWkhUd2dUWTJsamVWVjBTM0IzZDRoelppWldlTE5rVlFobGQzbDBScXAyTTJrbVkxZEdVNVlFYzMxMFEwQTFiMlZuVk1OV09aaG5kV1JsZDVObGNENUVWVVpVVno5aVlYZGpUUVozVDNCVlN1WlZjclFYWm1SVVR5TlRWVzlpYUNoV2Iza1ZXU1JGZDVRM05CQlZlNjVHUnhWM1ppaG1XdmRqUnpvbWV4MFdNNHRDVnM1MFkwVWxkWVZIZXpsV1VSaGpic1JUTXFOM1R3RjNjcXRDYVpWM1F4bFhhWWxGZDRjaldrZGtOdFJIU2tsbGQyZ0djaEZsVGFKRWJ2VURUcllYVzNSSFJTcFhVeTFtYXloekxHeDBjUFpVTkdsVmRwMWtZSkpUZUtwM05ZZG1Ndk5uZDVKV1lSVlZaNmhtZVdaRldKSm5iMmNUZDZKbWJPWlVjQkpGVXlSRlQ2TlZSV1JIVXRsVlJCbFdjb3RtWnFOSGVvbFdRMmtFVG94R081WmphVWxHYzBKVFJHTlVheDlrTXdGMFpMQlhVMmxtZXlzR2V5OW1Ud1FWUXNCek4xOVdidEpYUkJkRVMxMWtkdjhXTnlOVWQwaG5hYVZWYlVobmJxRkdjdjUwYnJBRGJHbDNSclJFWnRKRVJhVm5NdkkzS3BoV2VyQTFLVGQzVTJkRmJYSkhPWkJYYmtWbmR1dFdlNXNTUk10MmF5RkdTNUZqWTN4V2VTNW1Xb0JUYUJGRFd3VVdTb1IyTnBOVU8wNFdiV3hFT3lKbmJzQjFjYXRFYzV4MFp3c1NhWjEyWTJ4bVFXRjBaQjkwTU1SMVp2Um1ZM2drZHpCM00yRmxlNWNrZDZoSE1zTkVXNnBuUjRsRlJyMW1VclZYZXJvR2Q2eFViNVZVY3VkM056ZzNMRWhuWkhOSGFsTjBaekJqZXhWa2F0ZFdhekpqVWloWFZqQkZaYUZrYng0a1QxMEdUeXhFZDZOVk40ZzJWRWhIV3M1V2IwTWxaSUZXZXBkRmRPUlVWcVozUXVCWFRMWkdjRTEwYUN4a2V6cFVRWEZEY3dRSE5vOWlTMzBtZERGMVZ3azJUelpIYzZkR1JadG1TNWtIT2xKRGFOdFNNRDFtUXlKVGVMbDJNbzEyUXhRa01MUkZiTDFVTmpKMFFycG1jU1ZFVDBsSFY0SmpST2xsYU5KRVd2VlhUb1pXV1ZsM1VMaEdPQ2xEVXpaamRJSkVPaXBrTjRWVE56UXpURWgyYnJzVVowY0diNEVuTnk1MlMzZFRad1VXTXhwbWJ2a1RZd1FEZFN0aWQyVTJReWRGTUdSR1NrbFhOYXhrVk9Ka2VJVm5OMkZHYnZsbmFHSlVXbTVHTkhKbE5rSmtibHRrY1d0U2I0cEhaMUJqTVRkbVVFQmpSSVprYTAwMGMybGpXMmwwUUgxa1lxRm5UdmhGVlpaRGRhSlhSNGxuTjVaRmFtVmxVSmRuTUlwRVJyUW1iQ0pqU3BGV1Z5UjNhNVVHYlI1V1ZsQlhVb0YxZHNkM2NUOWlNNkpsWTNnRGI0dDJiNE1rZUc5RWVOaG5ORU5EZDBCMWNwVjNUSUYzUTRrblIxRVVjUGhVU3hoVld5MTJZdTFVTjFNblFxTmpXc3gyZFFsWFcyRmpiM0pUUXdvWE5EWm5iS05XUklOMWMzZFRTc2REYXhoR01peG1ZQ3BtVDFGV05YcDFhM1pYV1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcRO_F8T3_Ow1_Od8Eqtz692_3VxF6YgnIWnsw&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Food 52
http://?PXNHT25GalFHWlViaHRXYk50RVdydGliNVptZHlVWGVRUjNVUzVXZHlkRlV5RVdOcDUwYmxwVVl6WTNjVVowVEVKM2J6QTFSeWN6ZHpaVGNyZEdlRjFHT09WMGIzdFVid1FtWjBRRFJ1Um1ScGRVUnFsSE5PeFdXMTlXZDIxV1lhRjNacEowTnVoVVFXRjNMaXBXV0xCRGN2aFhkcHBXUW9ka2J4WkdkSWRYVjRnMFZSbEdkcnAxTnJZbGJ0RmtUcVJGUlV0bVRFNVVWd2hsZXRsM1FGWjFUc0p6UXFaVE91Qm5WNFpqTTV0aWFvUmxRUE5qYnloMFpPUkVNNk5IVlRWVk1yQW5heWREU1l4ME5zbFZWMFlIYTN4V2FwbFZRclVUZHlJbWJGMVdjdHRrZHpvMmNtcG1iRDFtVDVsVGNKTm5kYTVtUTFsV1FqZFhTdEpIUnI4VU5zQm5lbWxXVFVKWFFvQjNkc0ZUTjJnWFFCZEZOMmNFZWlWRWJrbG5XcTFrZERSVU4xa25NUjkwYWpSVWJEZDJUcmNqZHZ0V01OSkdNcjRHYlVWSGJwTldjaHRXVzNNVE9zVlRieGRGVG81MkxMSm5TRlprY0RsRlRRaG5kMlZIZDBwa1NHeG1XM0VFVFdaMWJ4Y25kYWhUVzNsV2NNVldTMEJuZWhGbWUya2tjclJWVndVVU12VmpRMGRWY0g5bVFVRmtSeGdrZWtkbWE0Rm1adHRtYlE5U1c0VkhielpqY3JrbGNLQkhiUU5VZTNaamUySm1icWxYVExKbFc1a25jMzkyWjVaVlp4QkhjQlpqU3JvWFYxNTJWSGgwZDVvbFZRWlRPMXR5YTVzQ1pTaDNWNDltYmFGRmUyRTFOVTlXY3ZCWGEwQlhRSXRHVEJkMGNSSmtkWFJqY1N4bVp3QkhSczVHV0M5V1ZQQkhWcFZuYTVZM1kzaEhONTVFTW1sbU40OW1XbFpqUXZWa2FTNTJVbGxGYjJoMFJ2TkdVd29tWUdKRU1TdFVkd3cyYUc5eWJxSmpSWGhVTkRGM1kwVVdleGwyYU1wa1VYbEhkc2xYZGFKa1M0WjNWUEpGZEk1R2VVbHpTTkpqYnF0U2V2ZzBVMGQyTnJOVVVDRm5kNmwxZEVKVlJ3SkRUaVpUYVNoV1lhZGxSM1ZWYUNKa05TSjFTeTVVYzAxV094bDJORmxYY3VoRmIwUjNkeFZ6YnFsa1FGeDBVaUJIWlRWV2FPbHpiMFEwS3Y0MmRyWm5TU2RHT01GSE5OZDBZeFFFZGhka2VDSnpMeWxqY2pCM1VUbEhVblZuVmpSV2VsbG1SMkYyWnVsVWJYVjBLWVpIUzFSallRRjJhMlptVndJRlZxbFZWU3AxYmloWFUwOUdPNDlTYXM1a1VwQmpUdEpuY0taRFJUVkhhckprV1laa2JGVkRWemRXUXpGM1YxTkVaNGRtWXFoVmFhVmtid0FEZVZsV09vTlhRdnNDVklobmE1TjNUbGgwWjRsVVZRRkZPNWRGUndwVU1KOTJNakpuY0lKWGJYTkZlR3RFYzF0RWNDdGtkMGRuVjRGVVUwTlhjcXAzZG50a2F5cFhabU5WZHhOWFdwbEZVSEpVZE05RWFteFVjelpsVFhOMUtWVm5WQmhqTllsVWF5a0hNTmxVVzRWa00yZzBMTHBYZVlwWFlVMTJhbnBYTXl0MFl3aFVNMXdVVmk1R2J5aDBVSWgwY29SMFR4d1VVdEJITmlsME5MWjNReWNrVE5kRGNtaDJiNHQyYTM1a1ZvSmpVUFJYY2FoV2JpUlZiSlJrY1ZObll4RjNaT1pYZDJJWE10VmxXVWhGYXprVU9RVlVldXRpV3JFbFkwUTNZT2RGUnZRWGRzZDFZbnAzTHE1VVYyY2pkUXBtY2lkV1YxQlRjVlpXV3o0MEx0ZG5TSVpUZElwWFY0NGtOM2MwYjJwSFV6Y1ZadXBYTkZWbmRCeDJSeVEyWTRWamFTVlhiNWd6VDFKSGNGRm1Tb3hXZEtoVVd0VjNjbVZrZFVoMmQzOVVUVHBIU1RGSFZ2VmxOUEJsZVlaRGN0RmxXc2xtTVFGMmExSVhPcWhqVHJFbWRQTjBRalZIWjRWR1Z6MUVXNFpYYjVGbVJGNVdlNmxtY01wV1p5ZGxTdllEU0ZOSGJSMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/54/Fox_life_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Fox Life
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcS0PSVQU0pCIFdxvH4iCbldCJkZdk3Z9TG1fQ&usqp=CAU" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", FTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/FYI%2C_logo.svg/1200px-FYI%2C_logo.svg.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", FYI
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.parsatv.com/index_files/channels/hdfashion.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", HD Fashion & LifeStyle
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/HGTV_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", HGTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Home & Living
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/Living-foodz-logo.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Living Foodz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.freebiesupply.com/logos/large/2x/monarch-airlines-logo-png-transparent.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Monarch TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/NatGeo_People_logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", NatGeo People
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.xumo.com/v1/providers/provider/140/300x300.png?type=color_onBlack" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", People TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/af/TLC-Logo_2016.png/800px-TLC-Logo_2016.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TLC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngkey.com/png/detail/677-6773173_tmz-logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", TMZ
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/Travel_Channel_HD_Logo.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Travel TV
http://?PWtYVjRnMUtxMWtiT1J6TDJoV1J5eGtWTGwzWlcxbWQxZ1dXMFJrY010a2VpSkRSeFZ6SzJCbGNDSlhUNE5UVnFkWGJuVlZjNTRHTnlsVWRhVldSd3RHU0hKVFFVaEdib3RrZDRKRlR0TkZkdEIxS1JkMlNQOUVXYXAzZFRkblZycDJMeVp6U2h4VVpFVkhjUVpqU09GM2F5a0VNNGNFTjV0Q2JveG1SS0ZIYkJWM0xraDFaNHgyZGxOa1JxaDBid0J6VHZGSFRpQlhiMDhXYWhSbFJYTlVNcDFrY21SVVV2UkhldlIyYUdsVWVyUUVSNVVUYndsbVZHbEVSQ3gyYlZObk1vQkZiWXRFVTZOVU94SkRNRmQzU3ZnSGNMQmpOTTFFY3ZCelU1TVRacVozUW9kMWF6b1hiMDhTY1BsMFpIVm1SUk4zVTBaSFRNQjNUWUpuVnpjRFcxZGxjUEpYUnlSbGF4ZGxlT1JuY29obmNYcGtNekZrZEJ4MGIwUVRleWwyYVpkMlVZVlhSRmgzTXJJMmJSTkhhdk1YVXNGVWFMRlZkbHBXUTVnRGRWZGplQnBsWU9KbU14MWtVRmh6WnBwbmRXaDJZSXRVZXFoSFMxUkZTc05FUndVV04xUlhUNnhHZTNvSGRySnphM2sxTXdoRGJXZERPSmRXVGFwbFVrRmxlNGt6VHM5V1J4RkZXTkpGUzJZblVvTlZXM2tIZXlaalF3UjJRd0YxYm9sR09yVTNhVXAzVG1oSGVrQjNZdEZrWjJsWFltMTBWMDBHWktSemROVjFjS0JsZTBoa1V3bDFOc3hrUmxKbmJROUNkcjhDZXlwRWV4WVhRelJtWTFKVlNrSkhSSUIxTXhvbmE1YzBSM05sWTExMlZEbEhOUnQyTldOMVVMcG1lRUJqWTA1RU8xbDBhMXNtZFE5bWNzOUVXSVJUY21aamV6c3lMc2RrV0pobk10eG1SQ2hYYzI5MmJPWlhPbVowYTFaME16UTNOcFJIY0VWWFExZEZhd1lEVjVSRlUwMWtZV0YxS1E5V2ROQnphMDRtYXpJSE9KQjNWMUJWTkNwSGFOaG1RNDlrTm1GR2RUZEZONWcyWjBwMlE1OHlRMWRXZTFJVU10bFhkb2RsUk85bVE2VlZadmREZTQ4Mk1KVjBMamQyZGlGVlN0QmxlMFIzVFZWa2JGQlhiejl5TTE4eWR0VkhPdmtFTzNOa2V6OUdaSFozTmxOMFM1VlZjWDlXUW9WRlJ6bDNSNFFtUnloMlNGNTBaWVpHYjJWalRaVlhVc0ptZG5kamVUaFdicFYyVTBRV2FMSnpkQkJuUzRSMFpJRm5iUnRHT01kemEyVVVkWkZIVjJCRlYzcDFOb0JEV2hGblk2UmtkMU1GY3dWMVFScG1NM2gwVXNSVlZDbFhZT1ZtZDVFRWIxWmxScEIxUzNaMmMwQWpURXAyS1ROVVpvcFhlQ0pHVTVZelJ4Um5VeVlWUUZaWFY1WVRSTk4xWlVsV01xcG5VdlJrWWxwa1lHOTJRWDltVTF0Q2JpbGxRUUJ6YjZoMVl6WkhPaUZYT3hORmQwdzBaeG9XUVlsMlp1RjBUekpYV1JkWFFDdEdSVEpVYWpWbFFySkVabzl5THJFemRCbFhlbXRFY3ZaRmR1QlhabjkwWXJ0aVJ6bGpXWFJITzNZblowa2pjeHBGY3E5MlkwaEdWbXRXVXZrSGFFSjBaUEIxWlpkMlU2cFZUblIwTkhwME5CZFhZVFpYZEk5V2FPNVVWVEpYV3hSRk4wVUVaMzltTnBKVmU0MTJkWmRYVnZValFuUlVRc2hWTXlJWFZGbEZWSmQzYWlwbVFEMTJLdGxVYXdnV2N3TVhVVFZrYXlNSGQybDBZTU5XWjJCMWRybERleFJIUzNjVVdXaHpaQlJ6VEY5RWVxVjJac1pqWTNsWGNRZFVZdlYwZHJkWFdvRm1iMzkwYnRCelpHOUdNd1ZEVTJ3V2I1bGpXTFJFVTNwMmFtTmpXNDgyUzBGbWRJcFhjVlZrUjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.shutterstock.com/image-vector/wf-logo-260nw-589562555.jpg" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", WF
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i2.wp.com/actionsportsmusictv.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/XcorpsOPENgfx2.png" group-title="Lifestyle Channel", Xcorps
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hAgaVPa.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", Akaram Kidz
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/Animax.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Animax
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/884675389859090432/ZZ_PwKWt.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", AniPlus
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d0/Babyfirst-logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Baby First
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/41/Boomerang_tv_logo.png/758px-Boomerang_tv_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Boomerang
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fe/CARTOON_NETWORK_logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cartoon Network
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/1/16/CBeebies.svg/1280px-CBeebies.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Cbeebies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Disney_Channel_Germany_Logo_2014.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.cartoonbrew.com/wp-content/uploads/20100604112357disney_junior.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Disney Junior
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://getlogovector.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/gemkids-logo-vector.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Gem Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://getlogovector.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/gemkids-logo-vector.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Gem Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jiajiakt.com/images/global/logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Jiajia Cartoon
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/VRT_Ketnet_Junior_logo_%282018-%29.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Ketnet Junior
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/-Vas4UzOl0KE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/_fWZBwq0qnA/s900-c-k-no-mo-rj-c0xffffff/photo.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", Kids Channel
http://?PVVuVzA0MFVaUmxiU2hrWUcxR1UzVmxlc04xTXJGSGN0VldkV05YZDJoRWVIeFdSNGx6TGpWVWQxTlhhamgzTTFZRWQwZ3phcHBGVTNaa2UwMGtWM2xXY3lSMWNSTkVkMloyY1lka1l6RjFTSmwzU3BoV1lyOEdSdXRTZDNjSFQ1RUVWcloxU3ZSVlcxZzNTdWxYT0VKamJGQmplbFZqZTFWV2N5WnpMdlFIUnZsRVIxUmxkRU5IT0RoalozcDFNMlpqTmF4bWFoQjNjT2xtY1NsMGQyUTJMbmhITnlzbU1XbEhUWFoxYW1wa2RIWjBWNG9YTnBwMU1ya0Vib3RXYW5kamVzaGxlQnQyWjRsbVp2Wm5lM0FIU2l0R2FFaDBhbTEyYXlOek1LaEdVenhtVFJaME5LSjNjSFpuYVZOWGJ5cDFUQ2xuUm9OV1FKRldOQ04zUVBKa2I0dFVlb3R5TDVkblRzVldjc1IzU0VOblM1NWtlMmtuYXp4VWExSTFMc1J6VnhzQ1pRQkhlUlYxVElKMlpNcG5hMGwxWnVKRFJ6ZEhPa0ZYUjBjRlp5aFVia2xsVDRaRGFyTjBMdGxsZFpwWFU1bFdZbWhEZFBsMVpScDFVNUJqVHFwWFJ5WVhaQ1JrVjBNMWN2QlRkaGwzYjNaV01zVjBNcmgzVnc4ME0waGphcFZIV3hBVlZvaEZWR0pIV005R2RZTlZUVGxHYXNORGRaRkdWc0JYUlA5MExvcFdNSlZFUjZsMGJDZEZPUnBtV3pGV1l3eFdieG8zYkdKbVNZVldlU3hFV0ZsM0t5aEhXUUJUZEdoV1Ixa3pZdWRrYnFSelN4a1dZd1ZEZXJFM2JJaDJZWDFVTnhvbGVqSkdUNXBWZW5wMFZ2cDJSNWgyTEo1V1R3OGlhbXhVWVBWelR6cGxWaE5FZFBGblF1ZFZWenBtY3d3R2NFTjFiMkprV2pCVk1UZDJhbDUyWUtoVmJhaFhaeGtsZXZsV1JMTnpTbEYzTDNRRVJybFZjSkowZDRZMVp6dFNjaGhYWlRkV1J1cDNjU0oxYmpsVlZ0NTBkcmhtTmg1VVkzZEhSM3BXZXpwMWNPMW1TM2RIVTVsMVNPSnpjdTkyU0pGVFp1SkRjd0VsWndnVWJucFdUSVpGTTBKWFNVMUVPd2NGYm8xa1N1Vm1WMmhsZEhkVFoxRm5lMGsxY3hSVmR3aEZWa2QxWXFGRmJDeEdjR2RYZVNSamJPbDNaTUJUUUlWblkzbDJjMFIwWWFwMk5yZFRWbXBYYkpOVlUxMEdPMlZsVXNoMllWcFdjSkowUzBKbmJRMVdkd29VTm5WRlR4bHpkeVozZE1sR05YUm5iVFJuZE5aSE95bFVZdmxGZXlvWFpwQnpSWHgyWmhWME5rMVdkc3BsU0pWR2NJTlhPMlkwWng1a2V4STFNeXNHWm9WbWRLVnphTjVXV3FWV01uaGxlVFZYYURORFc2aDFkc0ZIYzFjblF1QkRVM0ZYYUtSSGR6WjNLeFJuYXNobVFQeFdNd2NUTzM0MmRtSmxUTXBYY3NOekx3Vm1ReFZYU3FKVE56QW5iME5GYTJnM2JvOVVXMkozYWp0bVp2azFiclZFY1F0eU0zZFVRd1YzYnljVFE0b25Zd3dtTlRsMWJsbFRaMGtHYTRkV1F3SUdlSXgyWUNabE0yNFdjcjRHTjBrek55UkZldTFVUnhNbmQyc1Vad29XY0JOV1YxY21ReHBrY09oVWNIWjNacllFTTVremFyVkVSNmxETTVKVlNERkdkdDFXZHdRVGFQaEVlckVFZEtaVk91UkRjNnBVWmlsM015VkZUTUIxYlp4R081SlVTeVJYV1Z0ME1ucFhkb0ZrTlpsSGFSUlZhU2gzWXhaSFVtQmxNczlHWkRkWGJIOUdjeTlFTjF0RU55bFVZV0ZWUzJwV1NRUnpScEYzY0l4R1RDMVdlek5HTnZrRFd0VlhTeGxtUmhKM2JxUkRUSVpEZTVsMExEWlRlbU5IWk0xMlp5SnpkMnNHU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/tfc2BYM.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Kuriakos Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.clipartmax.com/png/middle/74-749810_the-animated-series-mr-bean-cartoon-png.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Mr. Bean
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/10/Nick.svg/1280px-Nick.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Nick
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/POGO-logo.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Pogo
http://?PWMyYWpwVU1PNUdjcmhqY09wVVN2QlhiVXhXTUVkR1YxaDNTdWhWYWl0a1U2SlZOekozVk9SWGRTNUdVbUpWUWlkbWFNVkhkVDVtYXY1R1RwaDFkTkJYUXk5ME1pNVViRVZVWjJWemRyVjNVMEZETnROSFJRTmxUNnhVYmp0Q1VyQXpLc0JIZUhsR2VKZG1hNjVHYlo1a2MxRUZXNkZtTTU5a2N6YzJiNWxuTmhWMktHdFdkendFTTJkRFVuaFdlc2hGY2lwbVdyQkRNMXBFY1ZaRFJ2bGxVb2hIUjFkR1YzZ25RMklVWk1sVmNEUkZXd01FTW5GMFEzNVdkcm9YUjFnV1MwZ0ZiSFpYZFlaM2RzcDFZcnBGZUdkV2J1bEdlbFZGZTJCblc0dEVVdkJuU0h4MlJuaG5Ua0ZsVnUxbWVDNVVhblJsUnkxR051NTBOSE5uZTBVVFMxeDBibzVrYUROM002cEZaWkoxZGpCWGFxWkdPNDBFZUo5V1E1ODBjcE5tUTM1a2N3VkhOaU4wU0Y5U2VucG1OVnBVT3ZsWFF4STBhRU5IVW8xVVlJTjJiNFZXYUpwR1QzUjJMdkJWTm5sbU1zaDFZUUZIYjFKRmRvNWtWNGRXV0lGMmRwVjNiVUYwUzNGR2RENVdOTUYyU3JaRWNTZG1XVTVXWUJkSFJpVjBic1pqWlhoRE41VlZOb0prYjFobmRocGtNd0pUYXdvbVpDZEVVcHhrTTNjMU5xaDNaQk5ETUJsSGQ0UTJkcnRpUXBKWGJxTkVkeTlXYU1OVWExZEZkcEZWU0JKbFZvRkhjbFJXZExGbmN1WkdicmNVZTFSMmJ1TmtZdzVtV3JWRVd3azNRT3gwTTJsSGRtWkhacWxuZHpsbll3aEdOUXRXZTYxbVZ2c2liQjVtUjQ4bVc2WnpMdlJqY3JVblRrRjJLNW9WYnNSMWR5QlhiMEZYUnVKM01vRm5TSTFrV3JrVmVKVkZkaGwyTXVoSGFFbG1VNWtuVGpsVWNoUjJaaU5rYzRSMUt5WlhZTTlpVXloMkxHaGtkNWdEYTVoSFM2WkhXc1JtVGtkbVFPOW1NejUyTWFaamVwQmxXT2RsVzBWa2Qzd1djTEZIU3p3R1UwbGpjcEptVHpNa1lvZGxjdXBFYVJkWFVubFVSazFtYTFzMFR5cEVhb3RXWUtkME1LbEhNUUJsYVl0MmNOSldhRGgyU3ZCVGQwWkdjd1EzWXdGRWJ3aEdhU0oxYXpNM1Z1OW1adU4yWlVCSFVQbEVSUngwZHJWWFN6VVRVb0ZXVzJwMVVXMTJjaFZ6Y29aRmN3c0NjWkJWV3VobFlaaGxjdlpYTjFRRVpvUkVlWGgxTm5kelF1ZGxlMU1VVWgxMktVVkZNTmhrY0xoMlI2cG1VMGhUUldSbmJucFdkMk1WT29aa2NsbG5XMjkwYjJwbFY0ODBWa0IzYnBGMGJKaEVkWXRrWWg5ME10eDBOUDkwTXdjM0xUUkhPNVVsY01sVlN0UjNjc1oyVjNZRFY1Z0hWR0pGWnlkbWNITkRPMGRGTW9oRlU1RldhMzhtZVNabFRpRkRidDlFYW1GblV0TnpTNGRHVFloV1ppcEVaMzFtZDZoa1NXRjBUc0pUUXdkRWNxZFdVSGwzVkQ5MGROOVNXemRWU3NoM2R3OGlUd3AyTTFkR2VFRkZka2RIVjFCblFxbDBNS0oxYzNrV2FyZHpWWEpGYkpWMEwyOWtUcUZUZTFnMWNSZFhjRFpsUXlRbWN5RjNUdVpFTTRaMlRtRkhXMmwyU3o5eVJaaFRjME1UVmFSblZyaERONVZXUXd3R00yRWpia2RrYU50MlUxWVhhNmhXYnFOSE5OeEdjTHBIUzRJVWIySVZXTkJUY29oblFLRjJid3hXYTQ4MmF1OTBaU3RtYk54MFZ2NUdhTGQzWnRkWFpwbGtRMVV6WlVsMFVGaFVhNlpuVDJRbWREMUdSRHRtY1hGVWVMWlZVaUpWVHlkMEtucEVOUU5YT0lablp5bDNieE1FVG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://content.web-repository.com/s/24572485377859353/uploads/Images/Shemaroo_Me_LOGO-02_2-4464096.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Shemaroo Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.vhv.rs/dpng/d/461-4612823_sony-yay-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Sony Yay
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RzPOwqI.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Spacetoon
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.pngfind.com/pngs/m/92-923509_tom-and-jerry-png-transparent-image3-tom-y.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Tom & Jerry
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/c1zC46V/idYZDje.jpg" group-title="Kids Channel", TRT Cocuk TR
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d5/Tvokids-logo.svg/1280px-Tvokids-logo.svg.png" group-title="Kids Channel", Tvo Kids
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7sUmqv2.png" group-title="Kids Channel", WZra Kids TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/37/AXN_Logo.PNG" group-title="English Movie Channel", AXN
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/AXN_WHITE.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Axn White
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/Blue_ant_entertainment_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Blue Ant Entertainment
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/Blue_ant_extreme_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Blue Ant Extreme
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/5ca3012fcbc70colors-infinity-main.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Colors Infinity
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/aa/Comedy_Central_2018.svg/3543px-Comedy_Central_2018.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Comedy Central
http://?PXNHUlZ4MExQRmxlcmttV0J0VVFzaDJTM2dIVHRObmF5TjNSb2xXZFJwbFRZcFZidVowYVdGVVVsRjNLWFozVGo1MFpobHpWSTVHWnhKMU1xOWtXMTgyYXNoRlYyNFVicDkwVVBkSFMwbDNZeUp6Tk01MkxvbFdkek1tYWFkRWR5SlZhdVpqZTJSV1N4Y1dNNEYwU1hwRmMzTkVjTmh6VDJOa1Q1RXpVb3BYZHVaa1N6Z0hhMm9sYk9SRU16eG1OMDhXYnJjR1NUcEVSaVZYZEVWM1JtNUVXMVZWYkhGMU1DaG1aUjVFY3ROWGVLdG1hSGxqWTZkMktYdGljdWgyTkU5R1J1SjBaa3BGTndnWE4zZFhZcWxVWnpBSGVQZEdkVU5tZFN0a2RaUjFOMTlpVlRoVGEycG5jVU5qY3RsbGVQSlhkMHcyVnBaMlRyRm1SRUZIU0hWRVY0NWtjR1JuYjFsMFQzVmxWRHAxWVVoM1IwWlhWeEJsYmxGbFcwVjJOclpGTjV3MlpGbDJRNVZ6YlJoMWMxY1dXcTVHVm9KelRsWm5XYUpITU1CelRCNUdhb3BWZTFjVWFwaFZNVHBXUnk5Mkt6Y1dSdE5XZEhObmQ1c1VUb2htY0ZOWFVMbEhNVDlrUjFVRmI1WTJid0FWVTJkRVQxTkRPWXBXWndjRE15WW1ldFIxZG01MEx0VmtkcklWVnhRblJoQlRhek5VZDRJbFIwWnpaNVJUUlJGRld3cEdVWlpWZXR4a2N4b25ZNU1XZDF4VVIwaEZkbzlXVm9sMmNscDNaYXBIV3o5aVUzVm5laWhYT1VCSGN3WmthM2RtYld0MmNITmxVMDlHTkp4a1dWaEhhSGxGUnhFSGNaRkVaUU4xTnk1a2FZcEdVNFlIY0l0R1RsRkVlek1tYjNBbFZ0SlVZUFJXWWx0bVFydFVlcGRsY1FKR1JEWlhRNjlrY3lvMGRxRm5OdmNXZERWWGJscDJkdkpFVXIxbWVqTm5SWmxXZEVWVGV4VkVkd1FrYTROek5wVjNkeHRHTzRobmJaaFRPd01GZFhOM2Q1VjNjdFJWVnp0MFZJbG5ZR1JEZXpGMGJMNVdTa0IzYnJsV1ZLUkRhajVXZDBJMk50QkZjWHR5YlQ1V2MzSjFMRFJrZFdoSGJOSmxhcFJtYTZoVlFpdFVUM0YzZHFSRmJ3UVhad3NpVzVWelp4ZFdZNkoxU3RobU1DTm5OWXBYWTNJMGEwVlRkcU5GWjVBSGUzcEZhMEIxZFNKSGVZTm1VeU1EYXVsVk4zUlZWNWhUVXdVVU5GWjNUeE5uUnVObWRLRkdWTlIzWm9wWGI0SWtOdFpuYnFOM1F4QnpkMVluV3lnSFR6cDBiTnAyTkdKWGR0VjFSek1YYU5SbFo2SkRSNlZETVJKVFlDOW1VTVpWYlhwbWVUSkRUMFpGZG9GbVk1eEdNM2NYUU9sbGVYNVVkT0p6TXlaM1Q0ZFZlRWhUVDVRWFVZMTJheFJIYkhabldXRm1hcWgyTTRwSFZ4ZDJNak5YYW9sRGVzSkRlRlZUTXJKSE9xaFdTdGxtUnpCVFZFOVdkMjVVYUpORVV5cEVUMUJ6VnhNWFMxWVRjQmRrYjFkMmRDNUdjd3BVZHZRVGFNaFdUWkIxYUNabmNMRmpTRHBHZHRKbk1ZTjNLbGwzZERGRVR4WlhiakYyUkZORGVvSkdSSDlrTXdkM0t0QnpjNUpUYkJKMWFoMVVXcVZqU0J4MmMyTW5SRGRYT1paMWE0TTFNUXhHVm9SV1MxbFRiMzhtVG9oV2F5VUZiMWtGVUNGV041aHpUclZWWTA1MllXUjFhSEpFYWFwM1RSRkVjdmRYYmlkbVdveEdjdlZ6TnR0eWFSaGxhMUJqVnhwRmJ5Y25WWTltY1hGRlNuUlhkdWRrUW9kSGQyMTBOcWxrZG5KSE9CeEVOaTlpYzZwMGNyTUVlMU5UYVNOalcya1dhMVZXZXJ3bWNpRldOa2x6UnJObWRwbG5Za1ZIU1ZObE5WZFRhMGczTG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.pngio.com/cw-logo-png-transparent-cw-logo-png-image-free-download-pngkey-the-cw-png-300_188.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", CW
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/Doma_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Doma
http://?PWsyYWpwVU1PNW1lcmhqY09wVVN4QlhiVXhXTUVGSFYxaDNRaU5FY0g1RU9zeGtZeHBrV3ZGVFFtcG1aa0pWTzZkMWRLcDNZMWwzTTVka1VFVjNTQmxHU0RsblVydG1kNGxIVHpoVFQ0SjJkSHBrU3RoR1pCOWtZcGwzZHNsa2NCbFRTd0JWWU5kMFlKbEdaMWxUWVBoWGQyZERjckFUVDJwMFVSUmpiMTEyVVdOVlR6QVZiM1oyUWtsMll5NVVlNElGV2hOSFRYQlhZR04yYUhWR05aUnphdlJYTXJFRWRGcEdSbVZqWTFCamN5a1dNMngyYXlwM2N3UUZhMHhXYUZoVFJvdDJheEpuTjRsblcxWkhPU2hIWjExV2JzZFRXNUFYYmp4a1FOSkhTNnR5U05sMmQwZ1hWelpsUW9GbmRSTjJTemdqV25wV1VHZFZZbXBYVjRRR093ZG1kdkJUZXJwRWMxOW1OUEpqWXlZSFdpSjJRdmNUYnpsV1dVSm1adUZITzFsVVpZcDJNdnMyYkZCemIxb0ZidlZUVnJsVVYwOFdPdllYT3ljMmRuRjJjcVJWYkdSM2FyWlVWNElEZDE1R1JVcFhRc1JGY2tOWFl2SWxUemR6Ymtka2N3QW5SaFoxVTFwR2JxZEZWUXRtYXoxRVJ3MW1lbjFHUjZ0eWJwSnpjeVEwWVkxVVZ2QmpRV1YxVlpoMlVVVmxlbVIxWjE4a1M0Tm5XbzVXZExGR2F3ZG5UMlZFVDJkVGV2UmxWSmwzVnBKek1ERlZZakozUUhOa1pVVjJkeUpEY3N0U014cDJTNGhYV3NKM1J5TVhTdXAyYzFKMVMxSUVhNE5EVG9oVVlOOUdNTE4yWUZCbGJ4Z25TbmhFVXkxVVVWOTBVV2wyYnpGMGEzazBjeUl6SzFkV1JwNVVPVlZVYkpsbmJ5bEROMklWYTNnRlVUSkhhbjkyS0JOR1pYZG5Ra2wwTFZwbWF2VTJidlVVWTRoVmQzNEdUWnBuZExoRlZYUkVhMXN5UlRWWE12Qm5ZVkYwVjYxMmQ1ZEhPUUZVYkROMFZPdGllMUowY3JWV1NQcG1OR2gzTFBWelprSmtZNkIxUnN0RVUxSmxlRXhHTm1KWGRRWjJhRlYyVUdkamI1cFdWRFpGVzZwbk1HTlhPWVowYm9CblNqRkhPcGwwUUVGSFUyeG1jVUoyUXNWSGNVWkRSMUpUT3Raa1FoOWtUUVpuVndsa015Z3pid2trVXhWVlNvSmtRdHAwUmFwR2J5aFhZd2xXYkRWamIyMW1UcEJqV1JKallvUjNVMmtUWXhSbmV2Y25TUHQwWjFGRGFSSjBUYUZYT3pRVVltOUViSkowTXJZSFUwcEZPekoxVm5wMk5zUm5XbFZEYVdsblZ6a2tZMGgxTHlsRFJKQjNWc1pITjBaVmN1TkZjNE16YzVOVWR5UVhXMHBXZTJoemFPeEVjQ1ozVUlCM0x5cFdPenNFT1U5bWVPaGxlMFFUY2xabWFNdHlZNmxWUm4xbWNTbG1OemMyTHNwbWNvTjJRa0YwVnlGV01aTjFabmQzZHpjbFFHTjJjNmhIWk9kMUxwWjFidlpYVTZCWGNMNUVNT0ZEZUxaMkwxSkdhcmRqY0xsSGV5VkhjTVZIVmpSVGRtUmxTT0JYWXBORlR6WkRUMGhYUmlGMVpvVlVjanhtYXhGblZwVjBNdUJGY0hwMmFKbGpSdk1IYTBGa1kxTWpjNHBYYUp4VWNrbFhRd3BGT3pCM2JCbFZTU1p6UzFCRGJSUjFjc3BHZUJCVGQ1MTBhaFowVU1sbVF6RlZWek5sZDFkV09LSnpTeEJ6ZFc5U1FtbDBRdTEwVHkxV2VXZDJOTFIzTjRkVmVYZGtSRFpVTndoelRSVlVUNGxuY1VkblpXSkdjNEZITlF0U01zdDBjV1JHU0NabloxSkVaakZEYXZWMVFrOTBNdXBVVXJJa2FEaEdUalIxUkRkVmJMaEZVM1l6UnNORWMwbEZlenRHV1pWbGVqSlRhbUpIVUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://cdn.sat.tv/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/DubaiOneTV.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Dubai One
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nicepng.com/png/detail/9-99565_fox-tv-logo-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Fox
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/Fox_Life_pt_logo.PNG" group-title="English Movie Channel", Fox Life
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/FX_International_logo.svg/1280px-FX_International_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", FX
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/4_fun_hits.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://w7.pngwing.com/pngs/433/66/png-transparent-itv-plc-logo-television-utv-others-television-text-logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", itv4
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://media.loveitopcdn.com/5875/thumb/346x259/171127-logo-k.png?zc=1" group-title="English Movie Channel", K+
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d1yjjnpx0p53s8.cloudfront.net/styles/logo-thumbnail/s3/082010/MBC_Action.png?itok=gyyxtxBl" group-title="English Movie Channel", MBC Action
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/136-1363813_paramount-comedy-logo-comedy-central-hd-png-download.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Paramount Comedy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/df/REN_TV_logo_2017.svg/1200px-REN_TV_logo_2017.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Ren Tv
http://?PVVIYUZsbFRWRjJieTlrUjFKalozcDNLMTlVVzVSM2Q1VkZNeGtYZXJORFZqbFhRNjFFVzVObVpUWlhTMHBWVUtkbmNZQmxSc1ZWV3lGVlYwRTNSelluYW1SRGQySm5ic1pEYXJoa1FyRm5WMlJGY3kwR2UzUjJUMGNWZXZNamVIZEhid3BrYjJ0U1ZrNW1Sa0ZEUnhSMWNETmxSdlkzYjRaV051dFNZVXRXWTRnV2N5TkhjR2hYVDNOalF0ZG1XQnBrWmtoR2V2VUVXeUlrZURWV2VobFZlcDlVVXNobU5hMUdWRGxYUXpZbWFHWkhVU2hWV3NSWFMwTlVXWGgyZEV0U2NhQjFjaVpIV1kxVVVvVjFWSEpsTlE5bVN4UkdOSnR5YVFKRE5YOVNXeFZGTk5WektzZDNWclJtZTNka2RETjNVcU4xYTJaRE8zc1VacmxIWm94a1FVbEdicUYyTHpFa2VwcEVNM2tHV2twbmFIMWtZTVJuZTBZSGVCVlRkbnRTUTJsalpFdFdPS0pqUVBSVGRYSkhTc05uTnNGSE1CTjNLbTltTjZSMGE0eG1hc2RtZDNKbGJ0dFdaWVpHYkxOSFRRaG1hSnRDZE9sbGJIVkVVMkZuVnlkV1N6QW5RSEIxUjI4VWJSbFRaT1pGVnJKa1d4Um1iMmwyZEpCallPdEViVXhtZDNwa2F0UjBLTHhFZW85bVN6Z1ZkTUptYm14MGF6b21ZeUZ6VHZJMGEyY1dVeU1ET29OM2MxOWlSdlZqVjRGMlZaZFRZYXBYWnZBellpOWtlMHRpTXZjbGQwRnpiNG9IYXBWSGFyWjFWV0pVZXpWV1F4MDJTb05YY3pZRFNQbDJTRlIzYjNZRWQxUVVSQ0pHUjFkamJxMUVad2RXWlBOMFE1Z21jUDVFYVQ5aWJ4VkhjbmQyZG05V2VvbEdXYWxEZDY5VWUxMVdhMDFXZUsxMGF3MVdaUlpXVFRGRGJFbG1iUGRXUjROR2IxWUROMjFHYkNkR1ZyRWxhb0pUV0xoa2VwVm5lVFpUYjNNbk0weFdiRWhsYjVNV1drUmxac0Z6VHlJbFJORkhabFIyWnhVVmIyZDJSdkpHYjJaVk9scDBjUWQzUnhGVE0xOVdhMjltWjVVVGR1NWtVdmhVY3hvR1JUTm5jb1IwY01SV2F4VTNOb2hUWldaVllucG1hcmRUWlRWVmVRSjNjT0prY3FsV2F5UTNUclIzU3dVM01aaFdhUU5tYjR0MFo0bGtUR04yU3JBSGNSQjNkbGRHZUxaelIwbzJVMXBVT3hBSGJJdG1ldkoyWm1CVmRzUm5haGxUVG5kR2JPaEdjdXBHZXZWVVpCeDBaRjltVHNoSGNvRkhjNUpFTm1KblYyVUZWT0ZsZXgxVWV3NTBZMTVFVEhkbE5ZVm5RQlpGYXJVRGQya1ZRbkZVUnBOVlQxUlRjTWgzVXljemNLRkVkNjlVYlhaR1Q0cEVjTjlHYTRoV2UwVldVSFJHYnF4V1ZXeDJRcWwxZHZKMloyVTNkd0VqZHlaVGRQTjJMNmRIU3JOMll5WTFSdmQzS0tKektDWjBaekFUVnJzVU50VkZiejAyS0paSGJxdGtWckVtZENaM1RRWjFMMjlDVXdzMExIcEdPYU5HVnpjV2NSVnpWNjFVWXB0VU5yTldPRVozUlhSMmRMWmtjUmwyYXlzQ080UlRONFFuVTVsM1JOTnpiRmR6YloxMExINW1kNU5VU0RORVNpcG5ZMHNrWnI4eWJvRnpSNXhtWjU1a1FFOW1kMzBXVG1obFVtcEdjVUptUnFGSFdzeGtOUEJ6TXJOWGRhZHpiSFpYZTU5MlFsUjBheVZXWXZKbWRIbFhNR3gwTjFrMWFPaFVURkZYYjJSblpYUjJTM2tuYzJWek5yVmxkSVZYTkZWamVxdEdORnhrUkdGM0tLOXlhWEYzYUo5V1lVQkhXcDFFUjRrWFNRQlhSbVYxVFdaSGFpZGpUeVZUVnlKRk16a21iTFZIZVpGRGJYWmpjNG9tTkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/tvfanon6528/images/e/ef/Sony_Sci-Fi_%282019-.n.v.%29.png/revision/latest?cb=20190821223256" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony Sci-Fi
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://n.divan.tv/img/global_img/media_api/channels/b9861f5f/aa10a18d_med.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony Turbo
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b9/Sony_Channel_Logo.png/300px-Sony_Channel_Logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Sony TV International
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/ca/Spike_logo_2015.svg/1280px-Spike_logo_2015.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Spike
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/9/90/STAR_World.svg/1200px-STAR_World.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Star World
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ab/Syfylogo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", SyFy
http://?PWMzYWpwVU1PNVdkcmhqY09wVVN1QlhiVXhXTUUxR1YxaEhSNFVqYWFoekxHTldUNUpGTVBGblYwcFdTQjVHYWtOMGRLUmtONGxGTXdoRGRoQjNUQ0ozTlhWVFNtaHpkanhFY1JCRmEyTnpkSVp6Y3NobU55eDJhejhtYkZORGJtZDBUMFptTVhka1VabFhZMTlDVHo5eWJ6bGtUUjFHU3ZCVk1WSmxORUZIYzFRbmNtZGxkR3BrYWlGak41ZGpjU04xWWlaM2RNZDJUcFZEYzZsM05MaGtjenRHVDI4a1QxcFhUR1pWWnZGRGRZWlRXblYzYXdsM1Y0aHpRaGxXUVZwMWRQQmxkMTAwTXlBbGF3MUVkaGhuU3pnV1V5SmpaMlExY25SVlVPeEdPMEp6UXVsa2VhZG1OU3BGWnFSV2FUVm1OU1psUjRkRVNSaGpRS04zTnBaMUxaNVdkWEZGZVZSR011ZEZNbGRHTjV4V1N4WlVaaTFFZERGelNTTm5XeUZ6ZHZnVFV3aG5OM0YyVk85aWVDaDFMNFFtTTFSemJNTjNMQ0ozSzRWMFlJWlZjcmduY2x0V2FvZFdXU0pIWm1wV090SjNjWjFrZUl0Q1VVSmxWM1ozS0xoWE1PaDNRalIwTjBBbGRUZG1Nd0oxUjN4RU5xeEVWR2gyZFpobGFXcG5jdXhHVHlkRU1vbDJWQ05WTUVWWGIxWURaV1pVYUdoWFpSZGxXemgyUXNCWFRRaFdVUHRpY1pGVGFQcDNUSU5HU3FabVZtTjJNNjlHVDFFbVNsVnpjQ2xYT3pnVlJvdHlhSDlrUzNobVVNZEhkSGhXZVpWR1Q0WVhPeVZIVm9CRFVTQkhWSjFtYkZobWNERjJTMWhuZXYxVVZGdDBUVmhuZWExRVpGVkZiRk5WZFJOWGI0NW1heFluTUhkM1VLUldTWk56YmlKVlR0RkRVc1pqU0hsVFEyb21aQ1pEUzM0VWFLTkRiMkpITXo5VU1MZEdWREpIZEZsbVZTaGxlU2RqV3VkMVYyRm1TM0ZIY0V4bWUyazBTWFpsZDJVWFN5QjNUM04wVGtSbVJpTlhNM1pqUTRnWGJYUmpWbFZYYXJkV1IyWmpRRUZIVzU1RVU0VVdjMEYxZDRGR2JxUkVWVGRGY05oM1oxUkZWV1ZEYzVJbE4wTlVSNmxHVGF4V1lVQkhhMWNGU29oR2R4VVdaT3BsZXFGM1F6a1dTNUYzVFFObGNzUkRhMGdXYXlKV2NwZFdVb3RrVkt0bWV5UjNWU1ZtZVUxMktCQlhXckZqYW90aVFaUm5SckVqU3NOM2NocDNZMU5YZXk5a1F2UlRac1ZYUkpsRk5haFdhUDl5TlRObU5uQkZabGwwVm1sblVLaFRld1lFZVhkMGQzMWtNc2htZGtkV1FWQlhOMzl5Y0JoWGRrQjNjMFFFY25CWGNzTm5RTHhtTW5oRlNEcDNjMVZVTk1WWE93bDJUMFlGU3JBSGN6aFRPMlp6ZFQxa05OeFVWblZXY1Jkbk5SdG1lUFJrVGhkMmRyWlhWTVJVZHRWa1JJbG5lakpYTkdaa1doWkRhM0ZsZXRsRVNySjJNVFJFY0VWM01DTkdlQlowY05aa2NPaFVOeU5FTjNkV1Q0MW1hcWhqZXZ0MmRTUjBiMEVEVHhCRmUzeDJMUGgyWkNWM2R1NUdjTk5XVVlWMmRuMUdkeWRYVUtSbmV2WlZld2QzYnhnMFNobHpZNUowVEhCelpDcG5iNFZrTjRBemQwOVdSbGRGT3NWSGFVcFZlbUYzYXZsRU4wVmpjV0ZIV3c1a2J6WkVWb1JuYnBoV1oxUjFMTDFXZVY5Q09EVm1ONHhrZEc5V1E0azJLRE5UVzRKVWRuQjFLSE5uWW5aMlJhcFhWM28zVFJKM1VvSm5hdmhuWjNSSGV0UjFWSWhuWVN4MmN5TlZZeDEwY25sMlpweGtaekprZXpVbWNZVjNieE1HTkp0U2VvWkZjckpYUnRsMWRMcFVOMGxHVVNaV010UlhlMUl6VTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/a/a0/Thrill_logo.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140607175204" group-title="English Movie Channel", Thrill
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/TV5MONDE_logo.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", TV5 Monde Asie
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRb0XBwp49K3GZ6DfRvKhle6OWogG_TR1nyyw&usqp=CAU" group-title="English Movie Channel", Usa WWE
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/64/Warner_Bros_logo.svg/982px-Warner_Bros_logo.svg.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Warner
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.kindpng.com/picc/m/732-7327906_zee-cafe-logo-png-transparent-png.png" group-title="English Movie Channel", Zee Cafe
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 1HD Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gNWg9tl.png" group-title="Music Channel", 30A Music
http://?bkJsTUhsMWFqVjNRM1VtYm9KR2Fyc1VZNVowVXpaWFIwcEhjcWwyUllKVVJDRlhhWUp6TG9sSE0waGtZdEZVYW41V2FIUkhadkExYlhCVldSMTJWdUoyUW9OVVpaOTJZVHRVUVBCbGFLMW1VWTVtVm9sVlU0UVdPT3BIV2pGM1IzVm5iTmhGY3o0V056bFZRbVYzS2h4R1pCOUNkbFpYZHA1MlYxNG1ZNWhIY2hoVGRRaG1Td1l6ZHc5VWR2TVVXQnBGVXVSMFp2RUZTRzUyVk5sMFRSdGliV1ZITUtCWE42ZFZONXNrZDExbVN5SUZWNGtEZHhZM0w2aDJTdTVXYlZKekxURjNaR3RTZXdoM2RvWldjbXAyYTZWMWNHUkdkUFIzVDI0MGIwUW1keEJGZU1WRmF1UjFLbE5ETlFGSFZ4bDJjR2xUY205U2J3Z1hXcnAxTXdJM1JsZFhWSHRDV0lKWGFOZDJMM1lVVHdCSFRpRmxXd2RXVlFOMlU0SVdkeG9XUm8xbWQ2dHlMeGsyYmpobVFPWmplbnBFYzVNRFphQjNTb3BWVHN0RU9pMVdNWFYzVVJWMWE1Y1dORDVrTndkWFZyZFVhd29HU0tkRGF2cDJhSWhEZFZOV2VwSlRhU0pIV1k5R1o0Vkdkem9HYXhsM1l6OFVacWhEZDJRME5zTlhhQ2RHZENOM2FHbGpZWWhGU3IxVVJObG5XVGRIVXpFVVFNMUVhMVkxTkhsVlY0eDJRdWRXYWxkbk1vVkRiR1ZFZEtoVGNLUmxjb1JsZTJjM1U1cG1XaEpsU3hOV2N4TTNMMEFEZHBWVFcwWjNTMk4zYjBoR1o0cDJjeUJuTXJwRmVycFhUQk4wTko5MlkySW1WSDlVZW9OR09wVjJNdFpqYUZwbWEyb0dlc3AxVk5aMmMyQkRjNDEyUnlwa1ZMaEhjcmNYUXFoRGRyTlRidTUwYzVZRWUxWkdicWgxZHdOM1ZwQkZaWTkwYzBwbVF4UXpUMjlVVUtwbFUyZDNWSzVtYktOV2R1bFdVWGhUYTZaVE0yY1VkRzEyVjM5MGJPTjNaSFJWVDBjR1R6WlZTUVZGTks1MlVZaFRadUZ6WjM1V2NNcG5OblpUT3JBWGNwRm5OTUpYVUNOemNqWldSaFJYWXJabFlZRjFSME4zUnQxRVUwSmpjbmQxVlZWMlZySjJhcm9HUjFnbWJVUjJhNGRuZEpaVFUxUmpldGx6YkRWbFNFdFdiaWwwZFRaV2VxZFdZNmxuU3NKamVDQkhVUEYzY0ZGR1N5d1diR0p6VlpsV1MyTmplbVprV3hSbll2NDJjTEpsYXVOMFFCMVdOeFJuYjJKbVk2cDJOUWwwY1VaVGVQSldjamhIUzR0V05MUlVWNDEyVXlORWJOZEVld1ZuVmFSSFI1TmxNYVYxU0NaWGJuMVdaeFpVYWpkVE92SW5jeWhtZDNrSGExMVdXM2dWWTFVMGNFbHpWSU5YWXlaa2F4WUdXa2RtTTBjWGI1VWpic3hrTklOM2N1eEVPVlprVktaM1RNbGxOeE4zZFRGMGR3Rldld0p6VWxoWFpOdDJMb3RDWnhWMVp2NVdSTmhUVHBabFREaEZWSlYzWlZaVlZEVkZiWDlTT1laMWF1OXlMU05VU21SWFVwTm5VdlIwYTU4eWQ2RjFNcFZWUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/857130996499722241/n1sI-sPl.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 7 S Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://n7.nextpng.com/sticker-png/58/527/sticker-png-pakistan-8xm-television-channel-streaming-media-non-stop-miscellaneous-television-text-logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", 8XM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.indiantelevision.com/sites/default/files/images/tv-images/2015/05/22/9x%20jalwa.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Jalwa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Jalwa (2)
http://?dzFVUUpKbVV4a1dSanBVVDVrVGN2aDBZcFJsYjVSM1R5aFZTRnRXVFE1V1ozSm5jUDUyTTJsbE10dFdWWVYyUXBwblNsMVVNT0ZEZTFORGFHSkdhbkZXTlJGa1owQjNWMlJEVzVJM2FHOVVTT05sZDF0MFFrRnpjaEZYT3BCRE15b2tjQkIxWjBWamFyaGtZSTlpUkc1bWExWlZXU1prYXlkM1JtUkZjd2hGZTFsRE9VbFhTekFIYjVWMVp6WUdkVVZ6TTRGVVZ4NEdheDAyTEdOblU1RW5keWtVWUtOMFE0SkVSbjVHTm9CM1FsWldlQzltZWxoVWR2RlVabnR5ZHdkM05VcFhNamRFYnh0eWEzMDBLRkYxUTRsVmFwcFVWMm9YY0doV2JMOVNiS3AxTjRNVFRyTlROTVZWZWhGWGR6UmpNRWhEYXZKbmF0bFhOMFJUWXFSellMTm5NMU5WZUpKemFQTkRNWGRuZXhSVU4xSVZUMWNIZEVkWFV3WVVkRkpYT21CRFQ2VjBaNkZ6YUhObllvUkVOU0prYnZ3R05HQm5UMlZEVHZkV2N6WVhiR05HVVMxa2Q0d1dVMXBVU3RkbFEyWlRNV3BIT2xOR2Q1TlhjMk1YYjJVV1NuVjBhM1FVWlNSWE1ZRlVWWUpYYjJFRFVVUkdVb2wyTXk5V2M0cDNSa05WWXN0R2VtcFdWUkZtYzFsbVRPOWtkRnAzVTV0V05sRkViVFpuTjNSblY0cEhiSVpEZERoWGJ6SW1SeUJqY201MFpKVm1aeWxFVXBOblE0Um5ZWEZqZVBGRWRpVnpOMHBIVm5aRVcyNUVkYVZYVFFoV013aGpkdmRFVkhKRU5zSnpjbTVFUjRvM1R4RkdPemdWYTNwMlp6ZFdRejVtU01kMlowZzNRWUZqUjBKR2QzZFdWWWhYVzJCblk0aDFkcHAzY3drVU5QWmxlTmgzY3Y0RVN3TlZNdEJ6S2hwbmIwdFdXblZHZHhOMFpzZEZkeDVXZHlaRmV4b1hWd0FWVHIwVWFWaERhNngwVTVCMVExTjBjaEZuWjRKWFRvbDFadUJUVTRoVFR2bDFacHBYWTRaM0tTZG5ZenMwYTE4aVJ2OVVOc2gwWVhwSFp3WW5iNWRtU3pnWGMzb0dTQlpYVHN0MmM0b0VWWXAyVDFVMk0yTTJaNngyU3dsVWJ1eFVkTEJWYXNwR1czQm5iMWtXY0oxbU1waFRhc2htUXk1ME4zNEdTWVZ6UkdSRGFPTlRVSlYyVXhCbmVya3pUb2hIWnFWek12QXpaNngwS0Q1MkwyNVVkdFZUYXlJM015Y2tWUTEyZExWWFFXOVdSeEZqUmtoRWNaUkhTS2hVYUs1MmNtVkhiUmRUZHROMlFhMWthdWxXUnl0a1FSQjFhNEpWZGx4MmJwWkRVd2ttVklobU0zeDBaTVprZXNoa1UzbEhUM1IwTndCblJrMUdkaUZrYzZCbGRTbERiSTkwVDNGWGN6RVhSNDFtUVlGR1ZISjBjbFIxVFN0Q05vTjBSM0kwTndSM1pzcDBja1JEZFl0VU5ZWm5XNnBYVWFCRE5rbFhOMElETnlGbmI0TWxXbWRVVnhkbVN1RlRiSlZuVHZzVWMxWWxjekVITzBWbmVwZHpZMWxWYjJKWE0wOW1VWVpHZHJFVmNEZEZVdGxYV0hkRlVteFdNckVWVFAxR2VTQm5VUGRYWnJOWFkyTUViTWhXYnZKR05hOWthMXhrZEZOMWRxUkZkM04wYmxoR1Z4Z2tWdGRtZWFWRVc0b0hhbkpFTXlvbk1NSlhRU1Z6Yk5CSGV6ZFVXaE4wTXN0RU9RaERiem9tY0Y5a1N4VkVlcEZVTVp4VWJ5TjNMNFpVT3UxbVJKRnpTUU56WjNOR1ZaZFdhcGRGVlJKMlp6RTNRU1pVVktWRmRaRldRdlFWUjRoMVJNUjNVbHhtY1NsVGE0RkRid3NTVXdselY2VjJjejlrVnJnM1F6a2tRNFluYnRoRWF2SVVRMUZsUzJrbmNxQlhSem9GYk9GM1owTW5ZMk5FY3FWa2UyTjBObDEyTXpNR1phbGtja1IwY29SMFF5RnpTb0pHV1BSM1FYTnpONTBtYWF4MExEZGxlNlptTlhkVGNwWlhiMmtqU2hsMGNIaDNUeVpWY3ZKa1p1Vm5aMWNHYm9kVVl6ZHpiSkJqVjF3MGR0QmpRRUZVWU9WbmNhSkhhRU4yZDBFRU0xcG5hMFIzYTJRSGQ2cFdjRU5HT09KVGV2cGxNbGxUUzFWa1J0bFVRQkozUlZobmFJOUNhMFpXV1o1MlZvQjNNVlpWTXloMksyZHpTdnRTZTRJMlNEVmxadUJYZUxKM1NObEdlMk1sYzZaemIzbEdTeFJEVw==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3aycxVe" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Jhakaas
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Tashan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/qw5saV7.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Tashan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3l3hIS6" group-title="Music Channel", 9X Tashan
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9x Tashan
http://?MVprYjNSVlV5Y1hPc0oyYk5KMWNDUldPem9XVzNsRVJPSlhTNGNYUXVOMGRScDBkdmhUUU5sRFI1eFViVWxVUXJBSFY1ZHpaVk5XY0Nsa1lRSkdlMlowVkVaelZwcDNLcWhHV1BoRWVNSnpLNU5VVHNSMWNPVm1SelZYZXpZVU93NFVhbXgyTW9WWFMwbGtZNElrTVZ4bU1qSjBkUlZUY01kRE02RjBTNEpGTjQ0Mks0MTJSSHRXYU1sbmRCaGxNcWRXYzVSVU9SbG1SU2RHWkhWSE54dzJad29uVkhkbFc2TlVRMEJuTnhOWGN0WkVhRHAzZFZ0a2RaOWlleE5VYlRWVlRMaFdiMjhDUjRaemM0b1hVSTl5VXFwbFdtZEhTVWxuWnFOVlUyazNiUWRqWmFSMVRwWnpMUTEyZERkbmRQRmtWSzlFY1VWWFJvSmpkdlZVTXZkak1obDNTWloxSzFJemR6WUhSMHcyWnpaMlNydzBVTkJYYzRnSE8zVTJieHcwWWtsbE16SmxjM0VGYndNblJxRjNTMVZEY3lNV2U0RUVjblIwWnU5a1pNcDNMNXQyTHBkVGJ0eDJkb0pGYjVKMlFwZG5SM2czUjFja2RseG1jVlpVTU5CbGJwVmxjcmR6U1hOSFZNRlVZdllGYW1obVczbzJOcVJFV1N0V01YRm5ieVpVWkRKMWIwRVZZeTEyTndCMVpoOWlOTnhXWTZGWFZLVldkUjlXT3lBSFd3UkRjbTVVY0NwR1Y1TkdSM0pqZEc5RVdEWjFSMTVtVnJKRU41WVhNQzVXU29GR2IwbG1XNWNqVG9GblF5WVZSeDBXTjJzeWRpWm1lMWtWVzNRMks2Um1Xc3BVY1dWblJ0dFdZT04xZExKWGRGWjJZbkozSzNVR1cwQVhTck5FZDBBRmVwaFZSQlowZHFWWGJGWlVNdmttZEhCbk54WkRiMWRrVDRGRU5ueDBjWnBHWlJwWFVZZG5lM0ZGY0RaRk8zNWtiM2hsVERGMFV5OTJTek5qWklKRWFSRlRNM0lVYXdSWFNaRlVld0VYT3ZnSE1LUkhlck5FY3FOVVp4RnpSM3BVWU1KSGREdEdXd3BYYVpGV1cydEdSbnRDYTFKbk1LMW1WRWxsWW5sRmRRUlZNd2xEZTA1R2Q1TVhkdVJYTzVJWFRJTkdid0YwZFpsRU5zWkdheFJETlc5R05haEdTbHAxYjZWRmVaRmpXdjVXY0VaMVV6a0hjMFJsUzBKRWE0VkhaMVZIVDNaWE5sbEhlbWgyZFpoblRxOWtiREZYVHBsM0t1TkVSSmxUTkpsMlZ4UjNhMDlHZFc1R1JMNW1SMmgxVFpoM04ybzJZU05UY2psMGE1UTBhWmRuTnFoVWF0ZG5aMngyUkJORU1tbEhkaTUwTXFsamR3aERVMlJFVU5sV1M2dG1NS2huZGFWWE94bDNTd2xEVncxRWR1ZDNZNE5EYzJCVGF4czBUV3BHWjUxRVMya1RiSGgyYjVjVU1YQkRkQk5IWjFNWE55TkZNUWRuTmlOM0thcEZhaWhYYTFsRE0xaGpXcHhHTUdSMWF3VkhlalJtVW1CVGR4MFVlaXBrVXhSRGFyRUdWS2hYVlhsRVZCSkVkdXBGTlNaVGV5TkRPbGhqTjF0R2JLWlROUmhrZGtoRVdQUkhWMWRWTnpWRGNhdFdSSVpFWjVCbmI2bG5ReDAwS25KbWEzZ0RWeXBtYU9obWJuRldlbFZXZDJjemF2bFhPdFoxVXhJbmVGZFdhYUpXZFZsbGVUbEVScFoyWURablpaOTJMV05tU3JsVWJ3a1dZQlZWZXFkelZQcFZNcHBuV0dsbWV2ZGxlbTEwY0pSR08xdENieHhVYld4bVN1bEVkck5WYm9GMWE2VnpkMDFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9xm
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.iwmbuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/are-you-huge-music-aficionado-give-9xm-soundcaste-podcast-list.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", 9XM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/2Y9KTc8" group-title="Music Channel", 9xM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", 9xM (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ACB TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Afrobeats
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ary Musik
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", B4U Kadak
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.the-ba-group.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/b4u-music-logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", B4U Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/S0GrDsQ.png" group-title="Music Channel", Balkanika Music TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Balle Balle
http://?PWtuUjVsblEzSVZlR1JVU2hkM1Z0aDBiYWRrWnhOWFN3WnpNUVpqYzVFM0xvVjJhdHRHZFpkelVObFhWM1lsVUlkVGNEOUdlcWxuWTA5MGF1SkZWTkJYZXFwVmR1aGtlaWRWT1g1RVduRm5aYXRrYVU5R05wWlZiVmRuYTJoMlVJeG1kMDFVZVZsblZySVhhbEJqTlZabWRRTm1XUnRpUXI5aWFHVkRXNTFHYm5ObU1HVjNaUFZGZHdzbWF1aEdWRWxHUjJ0V095dDBNaFYwY1NaaldCWlRONDltZFFGVFpUNW1ldTVtZTRvbWV3TmtVT1ZVUTFKRmR4WjNMTmxYZVhkMFlLTldkVkp6YWpGbk5xZDJjNmhWVjNOM0xyTnpScWgzYW5kblNRSjJSeUJWZExaVmMzbFhhcWhIYXU1R2M0bzFWME5XTzVObk56WkZUR1JYU1dKVFFpNUdjd2NYZXJKall5UldSVGhqV3MxV2VyUTJMeFZVY0VOMlp2RldXNkpqVXR4V1NXOUdPU0ZWV09sSGEwRkViMWxsV29wM0wza1RkTzFXZDVzQ2U0VkZiM2hXWTNnRE5vbGpOc1JYWkJoMll4RTFjRVoyYUtKRGFsZG1UdFZ6YnVWM1E0Y0dOSGhWYmhwMWFPaG1XNHRpTW9SVWFhRm1RWHQyYndSblk1QnpiTFYwY1lkVE8wVlZaVHBYWjNFWFNLQnpjalJVZG05MGJyWUZWcGhEU0l0RVdQQm5NemxGZVZoMVpFTlhXeGR6UTN0VVIzTXpiMWxIYUhOVmR5SkdjdUYxTVhGa1YwRjJiekZYVzBJSFZzQmxjUjVHYnRGRFdaQkhWekpVVTVJbGMycG1VWnBHWklKM2NOQkRkcE5FUndSbVNXdGliNDVHZEU1V2VabEhlUUpYTjQ5V1M1SlVZUXhVVUdsbVp2a0hkbFZEZEJCbFNQbG1id2xuY05ObVZ4eDJkSHBHV3pZRWRqRmpVc05XVHVKMlZ5ODBOSTVtZTBsV1U1dDJianhFTTZWVGR0dFVPTzkwU1dkbVdGTnpLMFIzYkJKbWFUNTJTb1JIUjJvR05ONUdXbDFFZHMxbWUwZ0dNQlZrZXA1bVFXOTJLeEZuY2hwMlF5b0dhVGwyU3FabE52RjFRejAyWjQ1V1pZSmtTcloyWmtoR1Z5c1NNd1JWT3ZRemQ0ZEhXMGtUVGtaSGQ1QVhNemRsTnBaalcxVm5VRk5YVVc5Q1pvRjJkNU16VkZKamIySkRiME1UY3lJM2R6aERVNTlVYVhGMU4yNEdjd2xGZHJsMGEyWm5WaWhGVnZZM2FMWkRhclJIT3dKRmM0VURld0UzVWpaWE91OVdiM2hsVk01RWRvSlZZTTVXVUp4V1R5Y2pUU1owYjNGV2V0RmtUeVZrZFdkVU80TjNjdmxHTUJoa2RrZEhhM1VUVXZWbE51TnpacGxIVDUxRVJybFRkVEoxUTFKVVV5WlRXWlZUU0lsSGRIVjNSRE5HYzQ0a2JpbFhiMk5UVTVnM0xvTlhOckVXVjRWbmM1Slhadk4wVnVwblFRUlhjeHRHTVJSMWF5b1diMmxEZXRaa2F4NW1lNnRHVTRkbmF3aFVkdm8zWldoVE54bFdPbnQwUllCelUzZ1hjQ2hVTXpkMGQxNDJZVkZ6TjJKRFJ3aG5NckpIU285RVdOWm1jNFkyWTNjVk5waFdSWVZ6YzRobVJyTUVNcnR5ZENsV09WUjFWb1ZXZWhOamRFZG5VVFZWTnBsVWFZbEZNenAySzFsSGRyVXpZNXRXUVpwVWVQSjBhbXBGWnVwVVp5WlZTamxHT1hoblV0VmtaNGttYU9kbld2cEVWdXBuVjZGa1JObDJkM05sTjJJRmR6TVhRbXhrV3FSWGR4Y0hPRk5YTjYxVVptVkRhdzhXYktWa2JySlZRcXAxTG9aM1N4SURWQzlTZGg5V1VNTmpic3RVV2twbFdENVdUdFIxU3pJa2UyUmplaFJrWjVGVWF6NUVkckVIZGxsa2RscFVlRkpqZG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV Classic Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/mW6c2QR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Baraza TV Greek Music Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/2EfPNNy" group-title="Music Channel", BFlix Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/alJj9sb.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Boogle Bollywood
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3g0xwB7" group-title="Music Channel", Box Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/iv85GCc.png" group-title="Music Channel", Box Hits UK
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://batv.gloss.agency/site/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/balogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Brit Asia TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/zh/f/f8/CCTV-15_Logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", CCTV15
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Cine Voice
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/LJ4Hpdc.png" group-title="Music Channel", City Music TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Company TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3g5QrdK" group-title="Music Channel", Dabangg TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/DancestarTV/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", DanceStar TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", DBM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Desi Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Desi Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Dil SE
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Dil Se
http://?NGxHVXIxVVp2OEdTRWhYVzRRR2JXNVdNMU4zVTVGVlRwNWtZTzFHYllOR1RTZGtjNXNHVE0xVU0zdEdXcHBYUmlkWFFRbFVjeVEzY25oME1tRjBhNUYzUkRKVk4yazNReloyUW1SRmVraG1SeE1XTW90a2NEUjFjTGRYYlpKa2VJQm5iMGNFUk9CVFQ2bDFSenNXUTNkM2FESjFMbUozY1ZkMktQSjFWeXBVVFhkV09CUlhNbEZGVm4xVWVOVnpjeE5EZTRwM2FYRm5abkZIZVUxa2JydHlhTE5HT0twRVV5Rm1kbjlTY1UxbWRCSkhXdmt6YTZ4a2FRWjFLc0IxWVlabFJFTjNLYU4xVDB0MmNIWlRVSzVHY3RWWE9KVjBkTnhHVlhCblU0dDJac0pHZTBGbmJxQkhic0ptV1VkM1l4SW1jTFJVZHFwMlVSeFdOM0prVzVKbmROZG1WTWQwZHJ0RWJ5MWtReTUwTTFKVE1QaERXMFVYUWFSVVZITkRhYVJuYnZCVmVvNUdUVkZFVVdCSFc1bEhhNXAyZERkVGVuRmxZd0YxWTVWbWMwcFhXYXgwVk05U2FNcEdUcWQyVjFOelVoSm1NemtXVXhwSFMyY0hiaHAzWjZaekxuUkROWTEwYUpwblNrOXlOS2RqY0VwMVE0QnpjdVpUTmhaa2VueG1jVVZHZVJSVGFFeEdSemgzYjE1R1dueFVjVGhHY3hFSE1pRnpjVGRuWnZaV055cEVjSXRTZVZOWGFENWtOS3BYZFFORFNVNUVlcU5WY01OV1VEcG1OV1JsZWx0aWFxUmtZT1YzUXp0U1RRcDBhWFJuTUdWR1RTdEdiQnBWWVJGRVZvSkZTS3RTZXZBSFdSaGtXakpUY2pwbk5IdDBRMjlXT3R0R040Y1diRFZrTlNWR2NKdFNSNmx6YjBoemFWZFRRMEpIVE5abWFPRkhiYVZVT2FWbU12QkhVSVZVYTVwbmF5TmtSUGRUYk5SRmRUQnpMb2hXVTJBemQzUlhSNkIzVFJCM2FDeDJWckJqVnBwWFZ5NW1iS05uU0pWVFc0VnpjRkpqYXpjVlR1VnpjVDlDUzNBSE9VZDFLVU5sYVFCalY1WnpUbkpqVDBnVE14a1dNaXBuZUdaRmVhUmpNMUpYV3ZaRmI1b0hUek5YZTFjVFd6ZFVkRHBrVXVoVU9yUmpWeDhrVFNsbWNQbGtlUlZsZXJJVFpVcDJMb2hrVHZKa2JsaFhSSHQyU0VKamNWQkhiUlJIYXVSWFFUdEVlMG9uWTN4VU9waG1lbFJWVXFWVlR2RmpZR0YzYVNwbVFhaERVemxVYnZkVVQxWkVWNWRYVUdWV1Z2OW1heGhYWUJOMWMxZ0VNS0pITXdaMVV3RkRadGxXV3hsR2NNaEdkSEpEV0V0ME1wSldNNUVEYktaSFprVjJWajEyY1R0MFJUUldhNEZ6UzF3MllVaEdNekJUWmpsV2QxeDBkd3MwWTFObFl2VTJiRWgyVkt0V1FObFRlNWRuU3dRRlQyTjNNb1IxVW4xMlR3WlVRT1ozY2xaMGN6Z0ZTcnRVVEdCSGNaZFdTa2huTTZWRGMyOUdPTUpWTnZsVE52bERSQkJuVHZSblJXVjNjRmxUTjU5V2JyNVVaaUZVU3BoM2N3ZFVhMEFWY09KbFFMRjNhNDVtZTJwM2N2WTNRbGR6TnlZVmUzVlRPRnBXU3E5a2QxVkRWeGtuTm50VWMzZ1dkSU4wVGFaVFZubFZVTmwyUXhZblRJaFZWNWxqZERaRFIxQVhkMlZXWUtCVmN4azNSUE56VDVvSGVKTm1RUjFFVnRsRFRzMVdUNGhuUkRCWGEyWW5kTWhGU0ZoSFN0UkhjMU5EVjFJSFd3WTNhMTh5ZERoWGF3TVdVcTFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Animation
http://?cWRrUUZoRU96QTNOS1ozTlZoV2RNUkZialIxUjFaVldKbFRaM0puWUh0V05CaFRhVFYwY0NsbFM0dDJMNU56VUJ0V1VWWkZSdmwzYnZFSE4wb1dXcWxrUUJSV2FNWkhOTE5WU1g5RWFMUkdVckJ6TXdoRWF4SVVSSGRHZU54Mlp2RTBaUVJ6UzBrMlQ2TmxXWnBGTXBkSGRSRm1RcDlDYXVkM1JMaEhXcDFHV2hSVFlpbEhiMHNVV1NOemJ2dzJiV0ZqVnZoV1NWTlhWbzlXU1poRGFvaGxjd2REZDJSRU5uOUVhYVpIZEU1Mkt4c2llR3hFYlJCRFVPMTJjM2RsV1QxV1Q2SlhScWx6YTNzbWFCcG5WUlZFZXFwa1FpdG1RWFpIZHc4bU1DWkVld1lFVGFkbVJyUkVTeWtVT1g1bVZMQlZURUZEY0ZOVllCMW1TdTl5THBORFdMbG1NeGt6THZoSGQweG1Td05sVnRGak5DTm5VM2xtY3pGMGFVRm1iNDAwYTBCRlV2OWtkSWRqVUhoSGFTSjBLQjEyYkhOSE50VkdOenBsUjJkMVJTWm5kaEJuY1NwV2N3a0RhMDUyTjZCbFZ3VjNZNWxYWldsR2VIZFdhQ3AzYkxaM1QyZFZla0pUTjA5V2JEaDNZdGxuZXpkWE9YSjFUcGxWY0pkMGFrOVdVcWQwYTZoVmVyUUZPSGRYVnI1R1YzRjFMVGhHTnhWV2FGUjJiQ1pIT25GbE4xSldhckUzVkVsblJ5d1VUNEpYY1pKbU1hZEhkekpWVnlrR2VKRjNZQk5EUzVOMWM1UTBONEZqZDVWMmIzaEZUd0pITjUxVWR4b2tkemxFZUU5VU1zTjJLbGRrZU5kV001ZDJjTUJWYldCMWRXZDNkNWxEYXhRWE5GcDNhNUVUV1Nsa2VtNVVkM1JXVjJCM1FJMTJNeFJYVEdKRGNtSjJkMEZXUTFrVWIwVnpTelFsWUN0bWVHTkRNM1oxZEhOVFl6Y1hTMWQwTnBkMVFtdFdlTnBVYXhkR2NDVmtleWR6TjBWbWVLbHpaWTEyYzFsa2NMNWtjeDBtV0dWRmN1VmxjQ2xFU3FwV1Qzc0VjcGgzWnZzaVdPNVdkMVYyWXVCalY2NTJOM2xrYjZGRmVZSlRNSGRFV3NwRlM1UkdNeFozVTNja1lWQnpidmtUWnJOMk52bG1VeXNVWU10V1ZHWjNMV1JXY1NWWFJZUmtScjkwYTJwRlZ5SVhackUzVndrMVpobDJjQmwwVHNabWRsZFZVWmwzVHlZSE9HNUdhcmdXU2xsRGN5cEhVbEJYZVZkbWJ6c0NiT0YxYTRFMWNxdEVkM2xGWnJnMkxOSkhSMzVHZUxWamU1NFdlS2QwU3YxMGRFSkZVNTFHVDRkRU1hRkdla0pETnBoWE82VkdWa1JuV3Y4MmNFeG1OQ05YY3JBbGNxTjBjdVJGV1paM1Z4Z21hM2sxU3E5bWFZVkZNVmh6S24xVVJyWVVaNGhHVnROa1padHliNWdHVTNka2V3RkVWd3NVUUtGWE5hZFhSWFZuYmhGVk9UQkhXb0owS0lWV1F6MVdZUVJFVm50R2NXZFhRTWRUWm9KV2NGRjJONXRHUnpOM1N3TkVhUE5YZEtsbU15NVVkNkJWWnhOWGN4TTJMRloyYm54bVFxRkdiMFpGVXlKVmRzdDJZdGQwY0xsbWRyRXpReWNIY3JWRE1TSlhWVnBXYlI5RWIyaFZlMlVYTW1obmJ5bGpiMHhrTTJwblRCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Classic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Classics
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Dance Floor
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Karaoke
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/XQ2vMHd.png" group-title="Music Channel", DJing Underground
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/e24-tv-channel-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", E24
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.livefarsi.com/uploads/tv_image/ebc1-tv.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", EBC1 TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Express
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ju3mLgq.png" group-title="Music Channel", Fresh TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/gaanbangla.jpg?x91288" group-title="Music Channel", Gaan Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Gabru Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/k9kHJv9.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Gabruu TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/1VlArCc.png" group-title="Music Channel", GEM Arabia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/zAFt893.png" group-title="Music Channel", GO-RTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Guitar Relax (Music)
http://?PWsyVlpKbU13a21hdFJVV0J0eWQ0UlhSaDlVVEVsblV5c0VaeE1XY0JsMU1RZDJLMmxEYTRNME1peFdWa3hrU3VOMVoza1ZjQ0ZYZDJsbVlWMTBieGhtVVBobVd5eFdjdm9VUmxCbFI2dFdaTkJuZXlnR2RzZFVTbUJsZWpabFE0ZDBkc1oyYVRoWFl3TVhPMVpFVHdwbmJQTnpiWmQwSzBSSFppSkVOaU5IZDBvV1pTSldiaWRtZTVFMk41eDJaS04zYm0xMlozSUVOSVYxYTNSbmJtaFRPM2gxZE1kbWUxOEdia3RpVTZkVmJPOUNNRzlTTjZWbWVXUkhjb3BXYTRCMUs2VkRkc1pXWURkalQyOW1OU2RYTXdoR2VNcDBOeEptY3NGbFpQRmxlc1pGYXJGa2FsbG1iSk5IY3prR2NQVm1NU2xrZHVsVFFWOW1kMGQyU3ZjM2RITjNaQzFtTTZaa1E0SjFNb0oyYVVoWFNCUmxha1pWZTJvVll1TjJVcWRuU0NkSFRDeFdkRHBVWnhaR2QxbHpaVWhsWXZ0MFpNbERTV1YzVkNGMGFvaGtkeWdYWjNrVFNzeGtWTWRtUjYxbWE1Z1hiNFFVZFlOV1F4bFhhMHBIUlgxRVozVlhVUXBWT3dZR2JEcEZWcDEyVnpOMmJPSmpjbU5ITkNCVGM2SjJab3RFUzRJVVR5bHpaM1FrZFpWSE9hZERXMHRpZWlaek5SWlVTeUpIVHZwSFJ6WTNLRUoxUTZsMWRaZFdNNVpXVzRkbFRJTjNSS0ZYYkM1VVlVeEdjVkpGVU1OR2Q2VmtZaVZEWnNCWGJwQlRaR1pIYld4a056bG5TM1pYWTBJVGNwOVdic2hFVzE5aWRSeDBjVmgwWjBCVGNYSkZkVXBIVUpkMGR4RW5hcGgxYzVkMVE2bDFWYTVFZWpKSFJRaDFZbHRVYzNKWFRhZGpkekZuVE9SRFRpRjNLUk5qWm1aSGNwdG1VNkpXZXI5R2V2RjJLM2szYkxwM0w0RW5jeVUxUU1CM1RwZFdNc3RTU2hCblpZeG1VTjVVZUdwVk5DNUVNMk5uYVdWWGVoRm5aMkluUnZwbWJLRjNRMnBtYnk1R1NqVjFjUUJuVTM4MmJXNTJjdm9uYlJsR2JxVjNjd2dFVjBFWFV5MVVTR1YyYTQwbVRORm1hdGRtTnBkMGJ0WkhSWE5qVU5CVmNNSmxZM2RIYnMxRWFKZFdjcmdHVFZwMll2b1ZkTXhrZGFabVNuVjBMUVJXU3RaSE4xRURVelVVYmFWa1c0TTFUblZrWXR0Q1o2aFdSaHQwSzBWV2VWUkdXa1ZXV3dCVGVHVkVUUWRHYTFzaWFyb0hkeGwzU29wbVFzRjBaWGxFZHZvbmJFdHljeFJqZDJOR01ZTmtXNHAwYTRsRmMzMTJWSnBVVzJWRWJQaG1kMklEYTNWelQxbG5XWDVHWldKMFFPRm1kUFpHYXdabU0wTlRhdlEyZFhkbWR3YzFaalZtZXBoV05JNTJkMVoxYXJza2E0QlhTS0ptTnJnM1paSjBWbEpVZHhSVlZSWkhVU0JIT1ROSE0xZ1ZlcTVHVUZWR1R5SkdkMEJ6TndjM05HcEhXVTlTYXJnbFpvOUNlM2xrZUxsek1vZEdUUDEyVHJkMGRhMWtNMHBuVnc5MmJacDBaeHBuYlFObWRKOUNjR3BVYjVKa2R3ZFhWTk4yS2tkMktsVlZWcFJFYVlaMmRROUVUd2hqVnhCWFNJUjNNeFZEYXNCbmJ3a1hXTWh6YjJSbVpGSkRUdkZuWlBWellMZEZjNmRtTTNsa1F4TlZZVHBrVFVOSGExRW5Ub0YzZHZkMFFZTlRWM0psTldGM0wxVTNWVGhrYVdkRmFYcEZVUnBXUnNSbFVHUmxlMWgyYjNoV1NRUlRheVFrZHRsVU53TkdWenRXT01OWGVVSlRTa2hGYkpoVVNGWlhZeGxsYVVKalNGZDNNNHRDUzVVa2N4Z21lbVZYZHBSR2FRbG5WUk5uWUQ5bVlYTm5iUk5ITlM5VVduZEVWNUpXWXhvV2NGTlVTMmRVZWxoemFrcEdScjFVVjJFVFFtbG5iUkpFTVF0R2N1VlVRRGgwY25aVlJ0eFVOSXRXYjNZM01KcGtkWFYyYW81MmJvVkhUdkkwWXkxMlIzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Isai Aruvi
http://?PW9tZXFaek4zWjJiSXBXYml4VVowMTJkaTFVYmtGSFJGdDBSUVZHYU9sM2EwQkRaeGRHTkdsRVoxd21VSU5GVElKbWJyZFhWT0oyZHRWbVNKQjFhNWtIWlBaVGNhRnpkd2NUWWFaVVV5RlZWakpHYTRCWFRtOUVka05UZTZGallKZEdSemQwTTBVVVNsZEhaREJYVjFsMGMyTWpTdnNrZTRaa1pvbFhkTlZITTJKMWRXWlhhM2QxVGtSVVV0aFhkeWswTER0R2N6OEVVSlZUYzNkVFVJQkZXMWRqYlZOWGIxSkhiTmhHVGlSa2JyRTNMSEprY3pKMWF3aG1WdjUyVDVGRU13RW1heWxtVzBBbE5yZG5kTU5GZXc5V2FrTjBNekVFYkVCRk9UWldjeHhHY3pnR2NGUkhUNW9tUnRGSGIySmxSVGQyTnBaMlF0dFdTd3RtVFpCbmVxQlhic0ZEYlZOa051RmxWdVJWUjRWM016eG1keFFIYXBwSGRhUkVUb1JHVzJsVVRhcFdjS2QxTHpwbmNpbEVjUzEyWW45Q2IyTTBVaVJIY1pka05taEVkb04wVXdVVlV1RnpjVUprVjZ0bVNzQlhXMkpUZVRSVFU1Vm1ONGxuWlNObGMxVm5ZQnBYWkM1bWR3VVhWa1pqYzFoMFVJSkRkenBIUzFvR05TUnpiNEluUWlWbmUyNWtaNVFUZFZoWFU1TjFMVDFXZGxKSE5HTjBZeUYyUUtCelVMdDJicjlrTTNnR2JZaEZUSWgzWndGMWR6Sm1ZWlZIVEdSbVIxb1hlU05uTUpWR2R3aG1ZMGcxTTRwR1M2WkRPNDFtZHBwa2J3QVZRd2hrUjRZbllVbEhVRkZ6YmxSMGN0dDJRNWNYV3U5ME5QcDBjNWtIYkVSbFR4Sm5jdFJIZTJkRWNzNVVUc1ZEYVJwSFpIZGpkVlpEYjFNRU4yb21hdHR5TlJaVlV2Wm5ZMk1VWXpRSGRMZFVZczVXVHloamF5SmpSWGhXYkhObFFRZHpaeVpVUkpSVFk1eDBRaWx6ZDBOblRaTkdiNGRWZG1aVmF2ZDBiMTUyWXdZRlRwUjNNQlZqTVRORmJMMTJSd0YzVW9OVlJTbG1NMlVuVFAxR2RTdEVhTkZYT3ZNSE9zZFVlWWREVWpwR2JRdFdNeEkxYnJwbldGRlRlemRITXhSa2VqbG1keUUzYmxKV2NFRmxOcUZXY3psblNZUm1aNlZIVnpORFo0ZG5lVDVrVWhKa2QyWlhXMmdXYW9SbmF0ZFZjelVFZVFKRU4wOVVVNUIxUnFKbGF2MG1aUkZYYjJoVmVxZDBjNVZsUnd4VU9wTlZVbTEyUXJOVFRIWlVkV3BWZE5WbVduWkZTT3AwTkZwMlI0bDNiSmxIZEhGVWEwbFRlM1pqTnpRMFkzOW1jcWQxS1VoRmIyUVhVaUZrWTNsVVpSVkdTd2xtWVNWVFd1RjNjbVJUV1loekszRmthTGxtUXpkbWVXTkdVSFpuZTJsRE81OFdTNmRrV3lZek5qbG5ZV0ZHVHBsWGFGSmtWaGxVT3lGR09WZFdUTXBtTlg5MFVaUm1heFZuU3ZBbFNuWjJidVJ6Wmx4R2RrVmpNdjQyZEt0VWU0MTBLNnRrY0wxbWNGOTJSUHBsZXRkRGRLeDBhSUZ6VjZSVFN6ZzJReXhHUnhGa2UwSldheFFEY21oektzaHpZSUIzWUQ5R1dxVkZTWXAyY0tWVlp2a0ZleWRIVnZsVFJLdFdhUnRXYnBGR2VyVjJZMWNGVnRCRGNxbDJTMVIzWklsbU1UZFZiMUVGV1RoWE14QkhXalZqZExsR054VlZPUkZYYVJGWE5yUkhad1JVY29WVmQzY25ZTFZqWXJsVmFLZG1hVFIxUm5GMU1GaFZURmRtUjZOVmQzNWtldTlpYTVrRVIzVnpZcklUWXB4bU4zTmtOMFZUZHd0MkszWUdieFYzY0ZKV2JpOW1STEJEZU85MmNZZFdUenRVZXhabWFVWlhaek5YV1VwWGJLdGtleUYxYVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://myshowtime.net/webtv/channels/jalwaa.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Jalwa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.jhanjartvindia.com/images/Jhanjar_Logo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/gIYOu4i.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Jhanjar Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/NMw1xRRp/Kadak-Hits.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kadak Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Kadak Hits
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://mncchannels.com/files/logo/1440755188_logo_mnc-karaoke.png" group-title="Music Channel", Karaoke Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/C53XtK5f/zaltv.png" group-title="Music Channel", Karaoke Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7v8wmsb/7H8WKei.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kral Pop TR
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Kronehit HD
http://?MHRDWkVSV2RzbEdiSVJuVlVCamJrQkhUQk5UWnJObVRSRldVTHBuWTRsemMwSUZkMUVEV2FWMFYwdDBZaHBWTjB3bVl4ZHphMEVtYTBWa1FMSlVUNDFtVTBzaWVyOVdWelVYT2FOa2Q0TkdTbmxIVjB0U1QxQkZXSWxYTXZkbVp3eEdkeUJsTkxWRU82TkhhcDVFUk1oM1J3QmpaU3BtZFZWVWUxVkhlbk4zTDZGSFV3UTNMVVpVVk1samU0a1hUaXBWVjJKVGMyb0dNUHQyU3dSVlltbGtidndrVFJoek51NUdXSWhsZXhnbmR0RjBZaWhEZXp0V1MzRmxZdWhGVGlWbFlUMW1aU2xGYjV3V2ExTkVaaXQwWnQ1a1NaVkhTNGxHVVROWFZRQjFjdkVUTzJJbk40aG1TbFIyTEpoWGJ6VlhTeGwyYzNnRmFxcEdaekZtVmpGallqZFdjSkoyTFgxMGNFdFNUaDltWXNKMGN1bERNdGxHY1NGR2FFRlZlcmMzVmpoVVFzaFRTeVYwWXFGWE8ybG5hYTUwYnJ4MktyRjFNMjlFTnJNV2JCeG1ZM01rVXVabWRoWm5XTU5XTnVCRE1FOXlUTVJuZTFjbFdZRmthMFJGTlNaRGJ6aG1XeU5HU0Nabk1IWkZSMTVXYXJNMmNLQkZSM1oxVTJrRFVsaEhNME1YTXJsMmMwWldhbVJWVDVwVk01b0ZNRkZIU1BObGJXWmxld2dUWXZwM2RyWkZVeWNrYVJGWFlXaG1UTnBsYkg5MFNhRmxjc2RYUTVnMWFHZFhRdzgwUnJwMlpuWkVVamgwVDNsVmJodFNWUmhYVzFCMWNMQlhkVVoyUnlkRWN0VjFLcmtFY0d4Mk10VmphcFJsYnNkWGVHeGtUNUpUTkkxR2NWaG5kQ1pqZEtsWGNKbGtXNE5IZHR4bVdQQlhUdU5YVVZSelk1WWphQ0p6WnlZMGFxSlhTMEpFT3g0R2M2OWtWcEoyYXFGWGNoWnpWengyWjBJSFp4VkhhTkZtVkxaemRYMW1Vd2NHTXZkV053OG1XeGdIT3FoR09qbDJiMUowVUdCbmQ0MTJLNGNETzR3bWUyYzFTNFZtY3ljRFRDcEdUMUZFTnI5a1I1Um5TWmhuUTZORGExVVdOeUkzUjJCVE41b1ZPSGwzVkdGMVp5UkZieDVXZHZoMFR1eG1ZSzltUjFZSFd5SjJLUDVVZFlKbFo1c3lNckYySzV0Q1ZQaFhXMVFsYmhGVmF3SW5lemhuU29sVU5XcEhiSXAzZDI1MEtLTkdjdkZEYXJNMWFvWmpNYU5GVDFZblQzNWtRNUIzYkdOM1JuWmpUNk5IZDVvRVM0cEdWS1ZXYUh0a2JwaFhUSmRqVTVsbFdybDFOTjlXWllaRWEzTUViREZYVGlOamI1ZEhXMEZFVlVWM0x4UTJVcmdFY1VaMktwZG1ldkpuUTNkRWJ5ZEhWdEYyUVBWa2FHRkhNcWRrUzVKek5TVjBNRzFtUVlKVFNJVmpkNWhEZXNKV04zQmpTSHAyU0JoWFczZzNTak4yWkxoM1VGbFZNMFZWY3VaMVNRdFdkNWRGU3NKMWFPVlRVeU1sU3YxRU9JZDBOWjVtVFpsWFpNcDNaNWtuV1cxbVd0aDNZNW8xTDA0V015TkhSMTFXZFJCSGFUVjBScFJqUjFFbGVQdG1WcmdWV1JKVWRIUjNMckpuVnNOek4wMW1aa1ZYT1ZWV2JNZDBjWk56U0NsblQ0ZHpacU5FYzZKblpUWmtNWGxFYjBsRk4xOG1hblJrTlF0RVRDWm5ORzltU1JObWFrNVVWNFlYTXloRlMyOGtkUEJYU1p4V09KbFdlbEoyTmFSbWIwVldaNVVqWUNGblNWcEdOS2RHY1FwM1FYUlhVdDFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/q6K4S0N.png" group-title="Music Channel", Kuriakos Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/lamegaworldwide/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", La Mega Mundial
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", LiveTV HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/34/Radio_m2o_-_Logo_2019.svg/1200px-Radio_m2o_-_Logo_2019.svg.png" group-title="Music Channel", M20 Musics
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", M2O IT
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", m2o TV (Music)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", M4 Malayalam
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/QZQhg6C.png" group-title="Music Channel", Magic TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3gXQutG" group-title="Music Channel", Manoranjan Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Mastiii
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/t8CpYpP/LcUYuJ5.png" group-title="Music Channel", Med MuzÃ®k
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Mk Tunes
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GPPBEiZ.png" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0f/MTV_Logo_2010.svg/220px-MTV_Logo_2010.svg.png" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Beats HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Biggest Pop
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Block Party
http://?PUEzYUtabGROQjFiUkpHVXZ3R1I1bDJTdE5HYXA1V09PUnpOVmxUYkNwMGJCQlhkcDVrZTNkVVlhUkhUSlYzYTBobWF2YzFLVWRXYXU5a05KeGtka3gyTkM5aVlaeDJaM0ltVnBkV01xaEZNS3BXY0w1R2J3bGtaMEVIY0NCRFN2UTBObkZGU3RkVlV1UlhkMUJYWjFWbWMxOEdTNk4xYXBkSGNxZFZXdXRHZHVkR051QjNkVFJsVExSRVp5dENWME1ITkNGWGNXQjNMYVpqZFJOVU94OUVUMVpYYllsVVcwb0diaUZHWndrbGFhcG5OREZYTjRaelM2UmtjdlZIVkhwMFk0WWphaU5EYW9OM1p3aGxaTUpWWkpGblR3RlRSeWRUY1g5V095c0NkeE5qUjBwVk1IcEdUTVpVT1NKbGJVTm5XMWRWYzZsRmR5UmpVT0YzTERoMmQ1dzJjMEp6YndRWGVwbGtjQmRuWXBaSFVpRldVd04wYUVwMFlrZDNjME5WUWt0eU5oUlhVdGwyVXFkR2FDSlhUWVZtVHRwWGF2NUVVRGxIVDNSMkxUNWtheEpFVU1CamM0aGpZRnRTUnpzV1dDMUVTMUZYZTFJamVRMUVTd3BXV3Zza2QzTVhRa0IxTEhsRGJ0VjBiemRsVzRSVWJwSjBSWmRuVEpaM00zbzFaSkJIWnhsRWEwVjFhSlJXVjV0MlVSWjJLVlZtYkRObmJGdEdTNGRUZUxGbVVUZFdSVVptVGtSVGJhbG5ic0ZWTnZsVWExOFVRNlZYVTFrVVlERm1hc1puYjBCRlR5SlZXcEpWYldoblJrdFVOeGhWYTRNR05WZFhNblpHZEdOM05saG1WdU5uUm5SVGFIWmplR1ZXYzVwRmR2UW1RMDlHZVZWR2FoRm5jbkJWT1AxbVJ1aFhiSFIxVm1kMkx6bEZjUkYyY3oxa1RDTlVOeEZsUjRJRWRubG5Tb1ZtWlRGSGN0SmtXUVJIUndoekwzRnpOeHRHVkUxVWVwWmxlNGMxWXZnMkx3UkdjTGgzZDRBSFpuZGpVM3NTY3JCMVlUTkVUc05VZDQwMFpObEhSUHRTVktOemRUZERXejgyWm9aWGFDbFdiTEozYTVFbE5ETjNjVEZuTjVRM1J1dENSRVZXZE5sR1VQcDBLcWgxWkZWV1l6a1dUNGQzZHJZVU1YZFhTMXR5TjU5V2NZMVdUMThpUzJObFlMWlZjNWRYYUlSVU5sUkRkR2RIVnRaVFJ1SkZScUpuTXJ4V1NPWldVelZ6YnZjM1J2cGxWeGRYT3pvbmQzZDNSTVJFVE1CVmRhZGpOMmxYVXpsamRtSmpiMGdIVnFWMlV5bzFaMTlrWkVkMFV4UkdkcXBuZDJsV1c0VVZURGQzZFNWRGR5UmtXNGRVTnNwbFVZaEhaT0pWV1ZObmQ2bFVUMXNVWTFSblZpbFdlRUpYVnBWMlZyazBhbUpFU1lwa050Tm5kTWQyVXBwM1k0ZEhWVHhHZVZobmI1ZGxZc0oxY1hwV1RJcEdkSDl5TXVKM1pTWkVadk5sTm8xV1VuZFRjcXRHTUxKV2NzTm5jWXBtU3Uxa1oxaEVWdFoxYTBaSE9udGlZekoyZFJabFF6SW1XckowUmhsMmJPTm5NVkZHTjE4U2QybzFUWXQyWTBsV1ZQTlVVVGQzWWpWRmMxZFRiSHBYVkV4a1o0QkRiV1pVY3RkV1FtRkdTQ05uZTJaemF0SkVlNGQyUlNWbU56c0dPbGRqVTFWamIwOEVVNFptUXhabFIzVjBVb2xYTXZoR04wdFNhd2RuYng4MGRweG1hdk5VVTJCSFNaSkhONFpsYkpsRVIwZ0VNeTVtYlpkWE4wd0dleE4yZHVWM2ExdDJhVGgzYzBCblZhUkdUNGRXT3cxMFo0ZEZlcXhVUTBaSE9wSkZVRkZsVkZablVKbGxlTVJUZER0Q05RaEVWMlIzU2lSbGFocDNhMnR5UVRoemF4OTBiVHAxUm9ka2U1RjBSUUozWldsR1o1UUVkdlkwY3JVR1R0ZDBMTWR6UkZ0bVdNbG1SaEZHYXU5aVY2WkVUeWxWZHlrV08yaEhOWEZET3dJa2V2ZG5jWlZIWndkbVNxWnpLQmRHVUtsM1lUbGtkd2xYVjFGamF6bFVibVprVHk5V09uMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV Spankin' New
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV WMA
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", MTV YO!
http://?PTQyS1NwMlozeEdhTzlDVEJWWGFuRlZNclkyU2g5MkswTjNUNEFWYnFGV1pyVjNjcEZGVTNNa1RJQm5STkZsYk9sRmM0TURiSmQzUXNGSE5OZFZaTDlHZHJCRGFyWlhlMnAxVHJkVE0wZDJkTTEwUUhsR1JKcDJUd0FsZFc5MGJ4MVVid3BVTW9Ka2RWcEdVR2R6TkYxV2EybFZNMUZIUjJaVU5aMVdlcmhuVzUwME1ycGxiM1VITjBBSFUyRkdiQngwZDVkR010UjJUSFpsZHdOMVoxbEVkNlJVY245U1JxUlhUSXBYWkM5Mlp2SVhaTWxITXVwVlo0NTBaTWhIZFp0RVVIaHpkTHhHTVFSemIwaEhWTHRFY3ZCSGJGRkRTb0Z6YlB0V2RxTm5XeE5VYnZoM05DUkhNakZWVFJaRmVESkVkRGRrYTV0eVJ2dG1SaEJIVGhsMVROZDNaM2xFZTVnR04xTlhWUFpHTzZaWFJ2WVZUQkZXY1FoMFZRbFRhNFZUYTNaWFZaVkhTRnRFTzJVamNpUjBRSDkyUnQ5aVNzZDBRbFpuZWlsRlQwNTBaeUVuVW1WVVEzTkZhNFZqYmpoWFc2WjFaR0pUYXJBbFVyUTJjNk4xY1ZkblIyTlhNNUpUYlJkMWNEUlZjdlJXVXo5MkxUaFZjc2hITlRwa2R1ZDFkcDlrWTZSRk0zTjJhTXBXVHowbWQ0VlhPaWxVZVBkRmRFNTBVNk5sZVdoVFo1MG1OdGhqTlRSMmI1UUVjREprZXJoRE94VTNiTjUyUzBNalI2VkhhMVEyY05GMU1zQlZhTzFVV0ZSbmVqNW1jRE4yYTZsVGF3aDBUNEozS1paa1l5ZzNNVWRqVUIxMGRQdEdTclVHYTZOM0tUbDJhNE5IVHlJM2IwaDFjck5sVnFselR5aDJLVFIwTXg1V1NSSjJUWE5IZFJabVp3TTNOc2xUWmFORFZEZEdUMUVUWTV4MmFwbERjNjVtV3RWVlp6WkVURmxHTUxoWFNvRkRjazlrV1VoSE93OWlNa1IzTUtSM053bGpVYVZVZTVna1Y2dG1acE4xTGtGbU1ISjNWSFoxTk5KR2RhZFRVckpUVXlWRGVJaG1RVkpYVEJWR2F4RlVieFJXYXpkblNyWldZa0IxUm9OblNuTm5VUFozWjNWR05yRUROb0JIU3hGWFp5VjNVRkpIUnpKbWV3TTFWUGxYWjNGak1NVlhkR05IY2tkRmNWaEZkM1pVTTNVRFoxTm1NM2NUUWtKbmVPZGtZSTlXYngxMFJaeDJUNDFHV0VkVVE1Y1dZQnBuWjFOM2R6SldlMlJqYXNKRlJxTlVSanhXUk9OalV4MG1iR1ZrZE5aR2F5bGtZNVpGVHA1V1lDcG5NdkZuZXNKbFQyWW5ZdWhsVGtaV04xWkhUM1J6WkdaV2VORm5ZcFowU3FSbmR2TjJVdzltUVdobVVGaHpaUGxWYU9Wa2V0WmtSeFJ6TUVsM2FqbG5VMnNDY20xVVVxbG5UMjEwY0JabmFXRjNkT0pWVlhWVGFwRlZPclJtWTJ0a2NPcDFNaHBHV3NoMktUdFNjUlZVUkVKbWN1aFVUNGhXU3hNM0xzSjJMbnBXYnpObGUxSTFkM1oxTHlrMlNtTm5lS0ZGU3BwVmVOQkhWM016VnJCRE1XbDJUc2hHTXkwMlk1WnpjNVFXVjJBM1pwWkRTYUpYTlVWbk1YSnpWYVZIZDFJRk1rWlRic1pGWmlobFNCdFdVUGhXYVRKM1psbG5TRjFFV3d0V1pCbEZhemdHZFdoVGNTQjNad1pHZHFCRE53WlhTellYUkM1MlZrTmtlMVpEYk8xV1VKRlVXb056TGp0aU1xWm5VblYxTHBWbmFFbG1OMkJsZXNKbVRCWmxXRTlXZUo1R1Z6ZFZkVmRsVERoak16ZDFUc2RqY0VGSFU1RVdlbWhVYnlwbU5FMUVXMjVHVmhsVVJaUlhPNEJuUVFKbGFyaERPU3R5VDRsMk1EdDBWMk4zYm1CM1l4YzFjbWx6Vkd0aVZ2ZGpNUWhrWVJoSFpCeFdiNU1qZG9KVmN2dzBNelIwTjFZa1pCMUdaR1ZUT1NaMWRWNVdiMDkyWW5SRWFYZEdUcndXTVRSall2c3lhdkluZHdRRlRxaHpkbXRTWVlabk5CMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/M/music-box-russia-logo-6A5FA79FB5-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Box Russia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/PRgvj4c.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Channel
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DJhTTmR.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/618036953/music_india.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/3h6yVaT" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music India
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Music Mastii
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.dropbox.com/s/0gsamt5l40x1qgo/Music%20Top.png?raw=1" group-title="Music Channel", Music Top
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dKpLbh6.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music Top
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/dKpLbh6.png" group-title="Music Channel", Music TOP
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Musik Live
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.navahang.com/apple-touch-icon.png" group-title="Music Channel", Navahang TV
http://?eEpXYXpNVVR6SUhhTUJIVWFGMlpsVkhVVDFrTjBCWE51SlhZYUIzYkhKektySjNiNU1uVlB4RWMxbGpicTlDUmFKSGV1aG1jb3BtYnhGRlZJVlhRNlZsVnZSRGRaZEdleVozS1B4bWJyMUVhMkFIUzFabFN6VjFMblYzWTBzU1lFRmxhRjlVWXlaVVU2ZFdVekJuVHdZSFN6RkZaUFpuYTFrVU0xOTBhd2RXUkNsek01cEdOSTEyWW1Ka2EwMDBSTlJXZHVkME1FTm5ScTEyTnpSVlNwUlZiMWxETTVjR1pwWm5jMHdFUmhoR1RaSlViNlZIZEVGMVExbDFkcWhEWkpoRVZFeFdjVWhHT1NOVmNtOUNSNFlIYno5eWFUZDBaeWMyYXlablR4bzJkWUJqZDBFR05waG1ZRHBWYWhwWFpGQjFSUTFrY0lKbFJNbDFUNHRTTk85Q1dpOVdSNUZYUjFKVGIyQmxRaUpHVzZoMlRqZG1Sa1JIYXJrR1pRMTJkRHhVVmpKR2R0bFVVRkJIVWw5Mk02aEZiMGRYY1ZoMmRuVjNjb0puYmtaRk8wSm5aWXRVTTJsemRvVlVibWhqVHNWMVJXRkhObnBXWlRORU95TkRkU05qZUxSelU0WlhUaEZGTXVaM1V1NUVOMEEzY05WVk9JSjBSNDlHTkZSRVpDOVdNMTlXZU9OMWNUaFdab1pVUnRCSFR6VVhld2QzWjRza1RWeEVjd1JUYkxCelR4dDBMT1JsV3FoM1F6ZFRjdHRrZTVRemRwVmtZNkYxU3c1MmEybFhTblpETUJaRmR3bGtRdXRHV3RkblE0QUZSWXBXYjRJRVRFOVNjUlZqU3pvbFJ5QkhTMUlGY0RSM1NMWlZkblZIY3hJVGEwZ2tic0ozTjFGVFN2cG1VMlVETWhwR2MyY1VRUnhXYW5aSE1pUm5RdTltUjNSRGRPWjNhd1FrZEtCSFp0UldieEYzY0Q1MmNZUkRORWRuYnZORFJFeEdhb3RTV3lFaloyeDJiMHBsWXZWa2JwcDBja1pXZXFKbE4wb1dVU0JIYjJkR1N0Qm5kbE5VV2xWMGNuWkVUc1Z6SzB3MlkxUW5jU05GZWlabE5DVjFVcU5tV0ZGblNYOVdTalJXZXIxMmJzUlRTekpXUnJSalRJSjJiUjVtU01kRWRuQnpheVprVUdwVmVuWnpkNGRqWUtkM1Q1UlZXem8wZDNnWFZ1bERiMGh6Y1NKVk8zaDNUd2xHYXZRSGIwSldRd2dFZDY1bVNITjBab3RHT3djVGQ2MUVicVJXWWlabU5uWkRXck1rYkhwMmQzcEVOdVpFZWhGSFQxcG1OeEJYV2FwMWNJTjNZUkJsYVBGRWF3OVVUeGNsWjNWVGV6TkZPeTkyWk1Wall5MVdlcFpWV2pkbVZweFdlbnRpVDFsbVM1Y1dUemtYYVNaVmQzb0hVenBVUTZKMVIwTVhZclF6WUtwM2FyNW1adGxtYnpwVWJGZHpNR04zTXFKRE95TURjbzFXZVRCRlYySmxUbjlrYU1wMk1zdDJReGtsYkJkMVN2QURUcmxVWVhGMmMwY1hTdU5IYzNNRmJDNWtkdVprYW5SSGJTZDBNYWhtVzJNRFZ3bEhiNU5YZHNWRlIyRldPQ2RVVkloV1pCOTJkWXBXZDBrbFVKeDJab2xqY3ZSVFVvcG1kV0ozZDQ5RWUyRkhhcDlFUnBoRFJIZERWb1JYU3JGMlEyWVZieXAyZFdSbFFvbHpRRXRVZGo1V00zMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/pK2p5ey.png" group-title="Music Channel", NG
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", One HD Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/100uuWA.png" group-title="Music Channel", Play TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/3xSS9fw9/Pop-Patakha-Hungama.png" group-title="Music Channel", Pop à¤ªà¤Ÿà¤¾à¤–à¤¾
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Pop à¤ªà¤Ÿà¤¾à¤–à¤¾
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/umdJ2mP.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/portalfoxmixtv/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", Portalfoxmix
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Public Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Punjabi Tv
http://?PVFIVkxoME1tSlZjSmQzU1ZwbWRuRlRaNmhFYkN0R2RHSjFTMjlXYVRCRlNySjBheEZVUzVBak1HcDJhUDlpV25WelpuTlZiMEpHZHdoalFCVmpRakJuYk1CWFQ0d21kcUJuVlpOM1ZxOVVUWHRHVGE1bWVpTkViS2RIY25oRVNKMWtWdjkyTjZ0a1p6ZG1kMEpqTUZwbmRaeEdScEpVVW5sR2VxaEdNYWRHYTNJV2FtZFVlSmhWWVJGa1I2VlRhd0lETnhSbllxdGtTczltZUM5MFQwVlhidEZWUjZwbFVQSkhNdk1HTnRWemRYWmxZMFpVUnZSalRPaEZXRmhuYXJGRVZKOTBkeFUwTnlJVVF3cDNheVpVVzFJSGQxb1hXUWR6YjZsVlFZVkdSbmRUU05kRVZzMUdOWlpGVm9WamFucDJRa3AzWjJaaldpQmpZU2hIZFpWVmJHWmtlbkJuYkV0V1o0QjFTa3BrTldCWFFyVkdWQ0pIYzZaRGQxcDBTd0p6ZHRaVlM0MUdUek5uUlFsSGUwSWxSNGRXTTJWVmF5MFVVcE5uZEN0R2R6WVRjMUJuZHI0VU0xbGxlTEJYYUVsbVoyUTNOeEpuYkJoR05DQjFWdmRIUjV4bU1UZEdVSFJtYXc4eVpxbG5jbVZqVnVKR2JFRldNWHgyS3F0eVZ1TmpiM2tXTzVOR2N4OTJOUUIxY1NsMmQ1SVRhd05EZXQxbVpITkdSMGRHU3dvVmF4NFdNaGxrVzZabGJFUkVlaWRHUjRaa1MwWmxZbDkyU0NsM2JMaDNkd2hXZG9kbWNzTkZVNjkyY1ExMlNEVkVhbHRFY2hsRFREZFZhMlJ6WlNCRGEyMUdUclZIZXRGRGR4UmxOeHBVWXVoWE5RQkRkazkyYW5CRk5GTlhid28xTUJsVFV1Wm5aMFZGYlBoSFNWZFdaMHRrYUZGa1M0a0RNb3AwYXJSRlpXUlhlRlpWUk1CRmJGVkVXaGwyYW9GbE0zWW5lNGQzVjVRMVRYUkVhR1YwY3BOMUtxWmxRMlVVUUhoblkwSWxWSGQwYTNCRFd2b1VScFJFUjJRMk53MEdUSkZqZUJaVmEyVURTbEJuZHc5a1NCVm1aWXAyUzBkelVVOUNhTWRETXh4R042RlRZcmNWUTZwbVd2ODBVTnBrZDRvMVFUZG1Vb1JsUnN0MGNzRkhTSGhUVk9CVGEzWWtldk4zVm9KM1FMTmpiWVIzTlZ4MkxFcEdidmwyWjBJbWJ6bEVlR2hIUzBwWFUxRUZkTFZ6WkloWFFscG1adjlTT3VGMVN2b1dXR0JqTk9wVWFrRldjR0JqYTJwa1ZyUjBhYXRtZElWR09pdDJiSGhIY090R1c0SlZWaWRqZG5OblIxZ1ZVWXhrZW1ObWJ3UWtONlJVT1FaVVR2dEdkVkIxVHZjSGFoRjJTM1FrZDI5bVYwZ2pOdmhIWlhKektacGxhUGQxU0JoaloxbFhkanRDZEZ0R1M0eG1SNEEzZDJVVVVNZEhONmhuYmExR2J2aEdkbFZqZVRWVWFvSlZSMFkyUjE5U1VXWlVTMmNtTnBOemRoTm1jdEJEWm5Wa2QxWkdOU2RqTXpwbWNsbHpRenR5Wko5U2J2Z21adU5UT2laSFRCbFdWVGxsZHZ4a2I0UW1jTjlDUzRaRU50SkZkTFJYUnB0aVczUkZiMmhqTVl4V040aDNOMVpIWnhsblRwWjJkM2RYYmpaVE1yZ0ZlNVpVVE5KMFl0Sm5heVYwU1lOamR6QWpkalZVYXdkVVEyRlVUNG8zYWFKRVNwTlZiMVJtTndjV1luSkZVdFozYjQxV2RxbDFNWFZFYnlCalpPZHpUeGxsVnJVMFExSW5hc0JYYjBjR2NQaDBLUnBYZXU5RU5udFdlclFITXk4VVZ4d1VjckJsUzFwbVoycEdkR2RrUVM5R1d5SWxOUE5WZXh4Mk1KQkhSNlJUVzB3V05yOFdNUVZsTnFORWNEaFRkc1psY3FOMmRUZDNhazVtVzBzME5LTldhNHNTYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/s0CZjmi.png" group-title="Music Channel", Q-Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/P8cVMle.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Qmusic
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Contact
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Italia Vision
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/DfugVgy.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Piter Pan TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RMjFeGE.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio PROS
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/9pvCYaA.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Weser TV Bremen
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/NiO6TYC.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radio Zeta TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://guidatv.sky.it/app/guidatv/images/epgimages/channels/home/25780_home.png" group-title="Music Channel", Radionorba TV IT
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.cxtv.com.br/img/Tvs/Logo/0c65bafaced938497a2a4caf0306c9d3.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", RETRO MUSIC TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ru Tv
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Sakkat
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Sangeet Bhojpuri
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", SBi Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", SHOWBOX (1)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/8Beeu4z.png" group-title="Music Channel", Sunburn TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", The Box
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/fQUzBsz.png" group-title="Music Channel", TMA
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Pmq7bGH/Bi8eMX9.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", TRT Muzik TR
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0RcNFXt.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", TV Duga Plus
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", U tv Lives
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://graph.facebook.com/vtwobeat/picture?width=320&height=320" group-title="Music Channel", V2Beat TV
http://?MnBFZVFkR2VtNVdPdFZWVVRwMmNObDFTdkkwVm90eWJUZGxUWHBHWnNsRFJZVlRkeXBtYklGbWF3RjFUVWQxYTZ4V1pUMUdldDFtZXp3a2RLRldXcTlHVVFGRVVYdEdXemNWVm9abmQ1OEViWXhFZXVObVpyRlZUMFlYWTVWalJTeEdldjhDZXBWRVc1bGxjdGhHWmhKWFV5TVZhdFZEZU9KSFVJSnpMdGhIVFdOak5KZFhZMTAyWmpWbGNxbG1WRGh6Y3pkbFJNWlRRTlpuY3k4V2N4RUdkVFpXUjJsVlcyUlVlQjFHUzFoMlVSNW1SdjlVYmpsVlpTbFZScTFrTTBBVFowQm5ZT0JqUW1SbWFHTlhaMGhWVnZoVU9TcEZVM2dHZUgxME0wSkVkbWRqTWxwMFYyZHpjekptUXJwMlN2NEVlekZEYURWV1p2TWtNMFJGYnNkMmN2a0dUMDlXTTM5MmQzNDBRMEpIZTRCald6ODJjaHhHTTJjelZsMUViNU0zS3o1bU1ubEZTRWRUTXJoM1poZGpldzVVZWtOelF4RTBaeDFVV050Q09qNTJUMHRVUlhWbWRHUmtiUGxsYzNaamVQVjNkME1YWnlsRFZJWmpjM3NtWXpSelY1bG1TaDFrZVV0MmQwOGtjdVJrYk5ObVNrcDNMdmgwTnJoekthWm5SaDVFTVFobGRxaGpOTWxGTjFCSGNUWjFWNFJITUxsa1lFcDJaUnRVTzY5a016TnpScnR5S0x4bWVpUmpRenMyYzJ0bVFLaEVTM1oyUkVKMGRrZFdidWxUUndOamFIQkRleGMyTHlaVGJ0TldlNnRXT04xVVZGZEhiMVUxWTJNR040UmtWM2tUV2k5R01pZDFONFZGY0tkVVk0QTFTd3htZHdaMFVSRm5lMnQwVDJrVGJYZDBZRDltUTVkSFQ0dzJNaTEyVWFabmF4SldjdmhUYktobk0zRmpkTE4zVXdwR1V4cEdiWFZ6YTBCVlJTVlhhMmxFYXlFMUtwQlhWdk1uTjFwRmJDTjFiMkZEVzBGM2R0TlVNaEZYY0pwMmEyYzFhNWdFWnNaRmJ0dFdiajlTUm1oMmIzTUhWdk5YYkVOWE9hUjBaNkZFVEhWM2F2Tm5TMFYxVHBKa2VHRnpaMVIzTTBaV2MyWlZUUzlHV0JkbVk0UVZidjVFVWk1MmFuUlRiQ1JqTXVwWFpYOWllV2RWY2tkM1FyVWtRcVprYlI1MkxtdG1ZNEpYWndJWGRCZEhVNXdXWjVWMWR2OVVScllIV0ZGak1ySlhld3NtTnB0bVowcDFUV04wWTNWM0xNTjNSMjVHYjFzRVp3ZEVNMDlTT09oek5ObFhVSk5YYVNGbGFPRmxVV05FTnZkbllPWkdXTGgyTjV4MkxyQTFkb2xYYVV0MlRzUjBjVjlXU3B0R1JxUkdUbFJHYXVKemFWWmtZdXhFZW1sSFJRMTJOaEZUVzRjVGVRUkVVNElVZDZkRU50cGtldGgyWlc5a2Eya0ViT0psVTRGV1ZzaDNaM3NXZXVSM1V0eEdOejBHYlNkR1NqUm5SNE5WZUJOemMya0hWMlIyTHdZVGIxaGpZNjkyWnFkak40SW1VSlpIT1BSWGRLcDFiNFFFYXl3a1M0dEdWTTFtUVdwV1lGVkRXS05sZEtWbVlYVkdNMEpYTlhWbk1vbDJVSUpXVGF0R2QyUjNTUGxtUW9GMmJrbERVbDFtUnpsWE9MVlRhTEoyVlpKblNzZG5lWlZEVTJZSGNuMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Ll6GlqY.png" group-title="Music Channel", V2BEAT TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", VH 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", VH1 Italia
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GmgibYW.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Wanasah ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://bit.ly/31Zf7jp" group-title="Music Channel", WOW Cinema One
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Wow Music
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://i.imgur.com/LgQBtTh.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Xalastra TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/aa/ZeeETCBollywoodLogo.png" group-title="Music Channel", Zee ETC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Zing
http://?d2wzVVhaalNvaG5UdHRrYWE5eVpSRjBTWGxITnZwMUt4UURTdXBYYXhjVVZIVm1iMHRDVUhCM05uWlZhaU4zWklOWE9ya1dOalJqYUNORE16cG5keVZHUnZwRVpzdEdTa2wwUWpGa2VzdDBOQmh6YTBkMFRxRkVPUjFtYndWVlp3RmxieDkyYUJKVlJuTm5jMEZrYkVoM2NJZDNUdlV6WmpWSGRwTnpSdjlpUjZaVWNHRjNONDl5Y2xWRGJ1UmxVeTlFT3JsSGRscFdZSTVtU054bVROMVdkek5VTlJoWFo0cG5SdkFuV1NKWGJHbFhRcVoyYW9SRGVRWmtUbmwzVHBsa2QxMTJhaFowVlZWSGJaWkVjRkpYT3cxV01ORmtXNngyVnBka1JQZGpkMmN6VW05U1Q1bEVhdjlrWlkxV1ZPcG5SdUZFYkQxbWFRdDJicGhEU1JkRFZ4cG5TMFFUVndRamFCRm5TVnhrVXo5V1VTdFdjM01IVU01VWVyWm5kMlpUZTFsV1p1SkRVWEJqZHdVWE41VjFRM28zZDZoR01DRkZkMlYwWTNNV053Z25ZVVpUWVc5aWVHdGliMGhXWnNwVmRCWjBURWhIU3ZKWFNNWkhkMXhFVFFKbE40OW1SclluV3UxMlZwVjBNeTlrYnhzMkt4STFieWxuZVJaVVR5Wm5VdHBVYVZOMGNyRmxZQ1IxWnRKbVo2NTJTNTRHUktGbWQzSkZjdncyTnpZR2Q1ZFdSNGgwS0ROWGE0VUhWVlZuYnFwRmVGTldldFpYUkxSSGRyb25Vb3RXUjVoMGRqNVVTS1ZrVjF0V1kzUTJMaFJIYXBkMVpEbFZid2RHYXdrR1YyOVNlMGcwU2oxR1pEZDJVaTFHYjNnVE1tWkZXb1pVUlA5MlV3Tm5WaDEyTm1GR2VEbDFTU3BXY3lORFVJOTJWd3BHT3JoM01XVkhkckVtU3JvRVpxOUNjSE5WZVRSSFJKRkZjNWdqY1VGRWU1aDNhNFZVUXhSMFZucFdWanBYTVFsVmRsWmxZM1ZVZDFWMVVNWjJkRVpuY254a2N5b0ZjdlIzYjJZMFFveDBhMDFrY1lOWE1tbFZlWVpVYkZkRmNGaG5UdlZFVWhGa1l4UlhRa2hYTVRwWGVVcDBMVzkwSzVSa2JwTkRWU3AzYjJvSE9SMW1lV2xqWUlGVWN0VkdkTVZYVnh0bVkwZERTV0ZIYlYxVVJrOWliNVJUVVBKbVZxQkhNbUpuTjA0VWIxVVRaVmQwWnpaMFRuTjFjUFIzYVdsMkxxNWthclFHTk5kSFVxQlZZbzlTYVIxMmJMNWtiMFEzY09aSFRKeDBaNVpXTnZFMVNFOW1hckZtUWlGM1pVNVdWNGxVWnhaa2NrZFdOVlZIYVFka1NRRlRiRXBuUWtkblRzSm1kNUZUVG1WbllyUjFRRWR6YnQ1MFNyUnpkMWRGU3Y4U1RGcDJRRlowUXFoWGRwaDJTQ0ZHYTNWVWN4NDBOalZuVDBSbVFOaG5ibk5uZTUxVVIxOWljb2xYU1k1V05UUjFNUWxEY3Y4U1k0UVhPcGRVU3B4bWVqTlhkTU4wWm5WRWQ1aDBacTl5TTVSbk1IZDNjMlJYTVpaV2IxWjNaSWgyVFpSa1M1aEZlR1ZFVDQ1V1QzZFVaYWQyY3lNWGJySkZhb1YxUnE5MllDMTJaUlJYVndNSGR6bG1jb0p6TTR0MlFodGliVmwyVDVsMks0cGxiVGxtZDV3VVlxSmxNR2h6TER0bVpQbFZWUlpHZU1GbFdSVkRWd0ZXTkxCSE0yQlhVS1p6VHNCbGMxVkdVcnhFTm4xVWVXUlZXVWhXZUYxMFJ2bzBhdUp6YkxWRFZuNTJOaWxHY3lrbVcxY1VTMlZVZTNSV1p3aHpaeDFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko Gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/3055217408/a5421a501ccfcc705c5ea69ff102b097_400x400.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“cko STAR
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko Expres
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ã“Ä?ko STAR
http://?PWNuU3I4Mlp3WTJkQ1psVUh0aWFvWkRVMFExTnA5bWJNVjFUcTFVY09SRmRqUjFUMVIyTTJvME1WUm5aYUJsYk9kRGF0WmpicXBWY3psWE1XWmtRcnRtY0lwRVNCVjBad2dWTjNoMVIzVjJWMFJsYXVkWE9JSjFOQnBFYjJFbGU0OFdUNFpUUmpsVWN0cEdPeFptWjBKMWR2QjNacjhFVHh0VVVvSmxRRXhXYTRZelZ6VVRhUVpWVnJ3VVF2TjBjUU5uU1FaSFZCSkdNUVpsZHZJellqWmxVNnBrZHlNbVVhVjNMczlTVmpoVmEzWVdTV0IxUnlGblVvWjFOVWxYY1FoSFUwbEVjNGxETzVnRFM2UlRPdllFV1loSFRqUjJkQ2xWYWtGV1Y2RjJVMkp6VHoxRWREVjNaeFExTTMxbWNPOVdTaDlDVHhOMmFOZDFLeVZuV3RkSGVFRnpkeFlrYW1oMVRyWlRSd1VuVEx4R1RhbFhlMFlGYjBsMFpqbFhPMWhtWU5oRE9vaFhWM2tqVU5oSGJaSlZObkpXU3VaVmRyQkZhR3hHTkJKM1I1QmxjSTlpTTVJVmNyWm5ZM05XU1FsM1lxVmxhVmhYYnpNalVyWVVTdFJuUlVWbllLeEdWaHBrVVpoa2NPTldWeEVsTm9OVVlvdG1Va1ZuYzJSMlYzRUZjcDlDU1RoelQ2ZFhSQmgwZDVrM1VHVlVNVUZXYTBrbFNtWkdNNUJqZE5WVllpSkhhVk5FVXlkVmUyRjNVcWxXZHp0aVpMZEdNWHBYUnBGWE1hQmplS3RpYnU5Q1MzbG1TNGdEVTE1bVl5MGtONE1IZG9wRk4yUkdaeGxITXlFbFZ4Y21OTWxWY0pGWGNsaGplbE5XWXhOMkwyVnpUV1JIY1hWbFlyZGpkUGhqZHQxR2VyMUdPT3RVVVV0MlNIZEdURWRXZFVOVmR4VTNhcHBYWUpsRFZ5QTNjbWhFT3pGbWFqZFdPcU5FVXpCWE90WjNMdzFtV1haSGV5WW1kbFYzVGF4a2V2UjFZVGRUUTY5R01PRlZibFZEY1hKM1YzOVNXemRqU3hoV2MzcEhiUmxWVDFRRWVHOUdkSDUwYzFGRWF5bGtSclFYUzBVRWRrQkhhNFlrU1JaalNuSldRbjFFZXJsMmM1RVdPM1JsYWxoVmRQVkVickJUVHJ3V2RtTm5Tdm9YUllkMWFEaERjeHdVUjFGa1ZzaERWdGhtYnZ0bWF6ZGxlaVJWWVZ0a1Z2aFVNWU4wYXJsbU0waG5ZcmNFZDNRamFMbGxOcmRHY0hCblJ4eFdXTVJrTjJkM2RXNUVaQjlpUnhWMlp0ZHpVb2xITm5sRVZrdFNjR2RrY2xWVVc0aERXNDgwZG94V01CMWtjQ1oxYUw5V092ZzNUMEptUk9WRFJ4VTNLcUZWUjRkamEzTVRhQk4xTTFWVk4yNUdUcjFXZWxOMVNPUkZhMEZrTXkxRVdzMUdSM1owY3lBM1M2aDNNdklrZEdCVGFaaEdlc0ZIZVlsbFpscG5TdnRtWkI1RWRURm5heFJ6TjRWVlp0ZDBUNVkzTjE5eUxxaERlckF6WXZNelFydDJVMlZEVU5wM1l0aFRjM2dtY0M1VU9tUkdNc05uVlBwMktyb0dUTGRtY0VWMGIzdGtkcXhXVnpKM2R4bEZTSUYzYXQxV2F2aFRiajFXZDRZa2R0cFhWMmhuWlRWbmQ1a25kRGx6WjFaMU4zZFZRNTEyYjFvVmRKZDNWWXBWV3lrRmRoOWtiWUZVZDVwM1RYeEdiMmQyVVJwa05pdENheVpFTnRwSFZ0UlhjR2xVYU1obVV6UjBNNVJ6YVZwa1JrSkdic2hVYjJkMkxWUkhlamRUYkZKV2NHUjJTeVFsYTNCMWN4UURSc2QzS0JsbWVUVmpiRkJsZWpCamRuVmpaMnRXYklwV2N1RjBOcmRsYjRJemIySjNZcmRVZE9sSFNWZG1lT05UZEhkV2V6dzJZVmhuZXFoelF6b0hUM00zTWpWbU5wUnpkNWREV1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.slagrtv.cz/files/logo-slagr.png" group-title="Music Channel", Å lÃ¡gr
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð?Ð¾Ð²Ð¾Ðµ
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://lion-tv.com/uploads/posts/2016-09/1472964269_178.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ð Ð°Ð´Ð¸Ð¾ Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð Ð°Ð´Ð¸Ð¾ Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¡Ñ‚Ñ€Ð°Ð½Ð° FM
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.tv-logo.com/pt-data/uploads/images/logo/shanson_tv.jpg" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½-TB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.shanson.tv/image/logo_160120.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ð¨Ð°Ð½Ñ?Ð¾Ð½-TB
http://?PVluV3lkVk5rMUVkNlZYTXFkVWJ4VjNUTzlXTUI1V096Vm5ka1JtYmk5RWJNQlZRc1JuTnpsMU1IRkhlTFpWUXBKa2Q1Y2plNVpGZHBObmJVbFRNVUJuYXdsVmVxcFViUjVHT01OVlYyeDJSdEJGTU9SM1YzSkdOSGhrYjA0bWJucFZTNHhHVzBFM1ZRZFhScUJqYzJJMmNOaGpjdmtUV285MGEzQlhWMWNXTTBvSFJxbFZhSGQwVEdoR1I0dEdSQ1ZGTlVwWE5JRkVUUmhFYmhWbldTRjJWeGhqVVF0MGFodFdWcFZ6UW1KemEwTkVPSGxGVG8xMGJXSkZjaEpITkh0eVZYTmtkcjhrVkt4MlI1RkRkajl5VVMxMkxDVjBNM1VFYnh3MFExbGpjM1JsWU5OMkxyb1hOclFXVGxSR2NEaEhNV05tVXJGVWFOQkhXNEJYZFMxMGF1eEdjaFpuZUR4bVR2QkhaNWdVVTVwSGJNSlZaeWtGYW9SMllKaGplemRqZHhFMWJzcFhRclFXTUVCRGNPaFZZalJVVXlkbVZaOTBhMmMzWkRoVVV5UTJhbEZsZFZ4a053Um1RMFVrTmxWSFNCUnpNcTEyWklaalM2dEVVd3BIZHZJblV4azJTdFZUYk85eWRORnpOM1lXZW5GbFJ4dENiU1JYYlpoa1MyUVVibkpuYVlCRGM1QjNRWVZHTUU1bVUxNGtUWlZXZElabGVqZDNhemxrWlZ4R2NzQjNSenBWTjJVa2RYaGxkVmxrTjFObFVuZG5Ock5YUzJnSGJKbEZickVFT1I1VU1wQmpWemQyVHZkM1NqWm5UV0ZuZEJSak1VVnpkdVZqUjRvVVRhQlhOenBWWk90VWUzUW1ZMlEyVHhoalMwSmpZbk5IYmpKemRsTlZhR2h6VktwbFJ3dGtOM0lXUXhFWFdTVjBZVzlpZDIwbWIybG5VMTVXVFBCVFJWbDJMNVJEVFJsemM1OGlVRGhXTnNwSFdSbG5RNTRXVnZJSFV2cDBhWXRHY1pwV000ZG5iMmxUVFdGM1V3SjBUMG9VZGxWV2FaQkZVemhUVWo1R2RrMW1iM2RFVFhWbGVQRldkUmwxY3JsR2J3UmxTRFZuUXdJMlZZSkVhcWhXWTF0VVF4OVNZMWczUlFKM1NGTmpidFJVZEVSSGVSUlVXb0J6VXdCSGVRcG1kdEZHVlh0R2UwVlRRSGRuYW45RU9SaG5adGRtZUtGVE56SVZlTGRGT1pCalJ1RjJUMHgyU3g1bVUyQmxkMFEyWmxWRWF6WkhOMmhqTUQ1R2JZZFdlTTkwVXdsbmEzdDBhMFFUVW5aelpHaDJNbHhHU3g1V1RCdEdlTmQwTHpvV1I2aFdVNmwzY3RsM2NVZGxidTlTY1A1RU1ucGxhdGRsTlJObWNJbFhTNWcxZE5OemJOWlVib2hrYXdCM1VSUlVjMEozVjRKVlZ3aDFhd3BHU3JkR2NvdGlVUVpYVkdsR2REbFZVbHBWYmtkMlpMUm1WeEpXTUc5VVkwVUhTRFZrUUJkVmJCVkRXdzUwY3JsRVUwTUVkT3BuWnJKbFJYVmtkNVFtWXNWVGF0Um1UWU4zVDNoMllCbGxXdjQwZHFGblU0QTFWMVZHTjJJVFE0MUdhWk56TEl0R2V6Wlhkd1Z6YzFsMEwyRVhXVWxuYk9WWFpKSlhkelZsVkZ4MFJuSkZOVnAwVmhkbVV3bFZadDkwY0ROa1Mxa21XeWxVUjBNM1kwc0daMm9VZXpwMFpMTldZQzlpV3M5RWI2Tkhka0YzYjJvVlFyVWtjdmRqYW0xMkx3VjFNUDltVEZ4bVdtVm1ZMlltZE9ORU1qUm1Wb2xUVjNGSFQ1bFhleUprYndOMmJtOVNTQlJsYTBCWFVYWm1jWWxuY0RGR1IySVhkeFpHZXhSMUx5WjFUMDlrTjRwMk1aUmtaQkoyYjNkVFlrNTBMc0JqZHlWV01HUlhhNUF6ZGlSbWN2c1NScHhrZHcxbWN5RldZaWhtVXlsbFl2VWthdmdUTm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ BY
http://?d2htVXNObmVycG1OU1ZEVzBkVGFDUjBLdE5qWndSbGE2ZDFNd0VYYmhkalIyZEVhRjlFY0dkV1Q1VmpiQkJsZE41bVlLSlVVQ2hIZXZwRU1EcDNRd3hHY2hCMVo1a0hPRU5YUkhoRGJTRjBSSVIxYzZkWFN2OFNZdGgzWk90MlIyOVdjTkZqTnFKV2NvbG5iYWxFYjU4V05hRjFWd0ltY3BoVWV5UkZhczkwWlExbWNsRkhSVzVFU3Axa2R3bFhRNnRTVXZCellISm5kM2tIVHlJSGNDRlhiRmxqTjFkWFNuNTBieGdHVUVCM1FMcFZNNmhrYXA5Q01vUkdNeXRXUVNsMlEza21WSGhYT3VKbGRudFdiM1VGVHVGM1N2TlVPMmNXVFM5U1N5OFVlajVXU21OVllxUkdWVlptY3JKWGN2RUhST2wyWm9Gak5PWjNhcWgwZHc1R2RIbG1kQk4xVjFGSGNWTjJSRk5rZHlKblpoMWtSdm9uVlhaelJFQm5lYUpGTXFWVk40bG1VMWRqY3drWFIwNGtOTk5EYTRNak5ZWlhlcGRrTVVaemQ0azNiSlIzUnRObWUwQVhlSkYxTXJ0aVdxQkRlb3AzYXNORlp6ZDJhNkpITXlSVk5uRkVSdjFtZTAxR040NUdhWmgwYTBkM2RZcFhaMEpqZVNWRk1KeDJONWczS3lwR2RySW5jMDhVWXdWMFFwRkZhaGhuY0JGWFVVVkhkalJFZVpORFM1ZDBMcGhqUVVkR09KTkRiMVlrYmhOM1pJdEdhMkJuWjJkV1JFUlhRd28zS1hWVmJ3TWxSdWhsZTFkV1FFQm5adGhXTXZjVlVSUjJid2xXUXBSbGM2WkhXdE5uV0ZsR00xa21heGtuYVM1RVowbGtXbzlFY0dwMlRKTjNVcEpIYzVFRmQwNGtaUmxtVHRGVWRNbG1NcGRXYjVzU052SjNkcVYzVHRGWGQ2RlZkVlYxZHpVSFRsdFdkNU4yZE5OMmR5MFVXckpWZXZRMVN1dFdaNVpXYzZORmFHUlZRM2dYVTZaRGRMOTJUcTlXZXZGRVd3b0diTlIxVVRabGJ4ZFhPRlpGUlVwbk01bDNhWkozY3FkRWV4VmxUd1JFWnRORVQwNVdOM2NFYzBFbWR5UkVldGRUUXU1a1ZGUmphdlJYZER0V2V4c2llMnBXUjJjVlEyNUdkV2hYZDFWWGJDcGxhQ1pqZEd4RVVtcFhhcnBsTVJGamNYZEdOVDFrZWpKRmRMeFdiSWhuTXdwMVV3QjNSa0puYVZsalNKSlViSnAwTlhKWGVwZDJhdVZIZHJvMlU0TlZNQ2RFZTBGemJ6Tm5ONkpVZHRsSFNMbEhlNWRFVXp0aWV6VTNMMElqV3hkWFFXQmxOMkJYYnlZVU4wRURjbmRFVko5V2J6Um1jMTh5UXhkbldNdDBjc2xIYkxGV1p4RXpUelIyWmp0Q09YaDJLTmQwUjZoamRVMVdRVWgwTm9WV1lGbGtVMncyVjZCVFZUeFdkSDVtUnZkM2JwbDJZckYzUnRSblNuVjBkd1lWZE81VVREVm1SeWRHTnlrWE00MUdVNlZYT1FGM1pGaFhlNGNHZXQ5MGMzNVdSNGgzZFJCVmI1NGthMjhpZEJoa040ZFdONGxVYUtKWFNSaFRNc3hVZG9oVmRMbHpNdGhUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ BY [FHD]
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ RU BY
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐŸÐµÑ€Ð²Ñ‹Ð¹ ÐœÑƒÐ·Ñ‹ÐºÐ°Ð»ÑŒÐ½Ñ‹Ð¹ RU HD BY
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://m2.tv/assets/logo-231ef42a791ac4e9287a94c6dd492ebd740ad3bea40f789cd489683b758ff65d.png" group-title="Music Channel", Ðœ2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐœÐ°Ñ‚ÑƒÑ€ Ð¢Ð’ HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Music Channel", ÐœÑƒÐ·Ð¡Ð¾ÑŽÐ·
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.terrorism-info.org.il/data/articles/Art_18131/hamas_099_3.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Aqsa TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://img.iptvmate.net/5e933b41b3bdf92f6965c700.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Istiqama TV
http://?NnBrWkROMmQ0MG1Sd2NUTlJCMVphVmpRdmdWZXdOMWNqdEdNdHBYYTFjRmJGbGthMGtXWVRWMk00TlVkNDlTT05KM1V4c2lkRlJrZUNSWFpHWjJTNkpYWVJKRU9GbFdXR0JEUlFSMGJwUm5Tc3BsWjA1R05YRm5iRUYzY0toVFlyMVdjMmhIU21KRFUyQjNMS3BHYmFkMlU0cEZaMUZEZENOM0xyQkhWdkprZEVKRFdaeDJRaGxuYU1oV2F0VmxWTWh6UndkVlQzRW1Ud1FuVkxaamNsdDBhSVJFYXlRWGU0OWlhMUlYVzBvR1RRTjFhQkZFZHhOa2VPUmpUcUJUTmpoRWF0SkhlU05WVTBrRmJ4RVRZeVIzTXdwVVl6SVhSVTkyYzVVSFZweDBjQ2gxWm9WelJvSmthelZYTmpsWE5wcGtTREZuY1hWWFE1MTBicDlVYm90R2R0Ukhha1JFT2h4V2ROTkdVUlJHVjRwRVVhOTBhd0pYZHBwVlVNRlViVFZGYld4R2M2SlZWdjlrYXJrV1VPZEdlVWhIZHVwVlR3UmtUNkZIZHloMktvOUdWd05sWllwMWJYMUVPUmREVzBsellYbG5ab1ozWW1Ka1ExRmpjRngyVExoVVp4QkRTMUkzVlM1V1NTbEhWTmhYZTVGV2NqRkZaejVFU1dkSGJScDJadm9VVUxWVGVVSkhhcmxHVnJSalZ2cDNTaGQzUnBkbmJRTjBhejBrZFJSVU5wdGlSWGwyUUcxV1lIUjBZMzAyYzAwV1N3Um5kcEpIV2tkMVJ6dFdjM3gwYjNsSGV4WUVaM0ltZXp0Q1Z6d21XbGRYZTVFalRoZDBjMVIxUWtWVVdxaG1SWTEwTHI4R09yVlRTUVJIZVVOWFN4TVZNd1ZuZUtSalNwSlhPcDFFU0NkRWRqcGxTNHcyYXRaMFVYUjFMTTFtUWlwMGIza0diNFJIV0RKV1d0NUVSSzlHTVZsWFNKWmxlSVZHYXRSV1VHWjBaMGR6TVRoSGFPaEdheU4yUXVOa2RZaFRRMGtVTnhoMUxHVkhUaGhITk1kVWJNVnpaeFVqVXRObFR2bEhaaGhrVDNOblFhVlVSa1JVZXdoRWIwUVZOclYyTXR0Q041TUhlMkVFUmlCamIwNDJaVFZqWnJsV1lpSlRNWWxIVnNWSFNHWm1lT0IzVHJrWGF5UlVlV1IwYnNKWGN6TmpicmtsY3dVVlR2c0dNelJ6WTRaa2FPaDNZMU1HZDRaWGVhRkZOR2hUVnlGVWQ1QlZRejUyVXlrblExTm1lMElVZUdsVE9xWnpWd0FWUnFoR1RScDFkTGhGY0haa1YxRjBkNmRGZHIxa1RyRm5aaDVHT2w5R2FVaG1la05VUXVOR1Y0MUVWcXgyUTFvM01vbG1lc1JuYjFSelVybDFWQ0ZITjZwbVN1VkRVaGRYY0VsMU1qdFdTcUYyWU9SM2JhTkhhM1ZUTU1wR2JCeEVWbDFVTzJabFM0VkRkUnBIT2FWa2FtaG1iWDEyVkVORU95RlRWb0YxZFlOblNDNVVSd0VFZUoxR2IzUTNiMk5tWjRFRGNoaG1RNnBtUWxsVWIxTUVVemtFV3JoelFKQmpZQzFtVnJrMU55aEhiSFZYVzM0MlIwNTJLem9WUXpOM002Sm1WM3NTYXpZVFdqbDNkb05HZVVoSFVsaFhRbjlrV0YxbWNaNUdhNWtIVjFCallYWlRhUnRHUjVNR01taFRkeXBWWW01MmEwRlRNc1ZXVXA5bVZHSjFaWHAxWlF0VWNYTlRWeWwyWllwME5uaEdlNWMyVlB0Q2JScG1lM0JsWnRKWE5YRm5kM3BtTnlWa1dFRmxjRVoyWjVzV01zdG1RcmxVYXY4R1V5cDBha2hUY1ZOSFdIZDJabjFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/uk-wesal-tv.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Al Wesal TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.nettv.live/uploads/allimg/20/1-2002112204140-L.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bahrain Quran TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/j7a8hcd.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", Bible Explorations
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.vimeocdn.com/portrait/5136072_640x640" group-title="Religious Channel", Hadi TV 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.iipccanada.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/iipc_origin.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", IIPC TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqra Bangla TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?PVluZWxGbVd4bEhhWmwzU2psVWJzbFZOS2RIYnN0V2RvbGtleGczY0lObFFsOTJhMWgwWktCM05DRm5NM2RFY0UxRWRETmpTalZEYjNCM1N2UTJMSHRtV0RWRFcwUUVlSkpYWXkwRVpxUkVjeGdsTjRzMmJxdGtXNEVtY0xoMVVDTmtWMHAzYlFWMUszaG5ick1FYnVWbWV1eFdWMVlFZTVwR1pweFdTamRuTXNkemN5RXpjeFJHWnpwa1I1Qm5Ocm9XWUZWSGMzc1NUNWxuZHFWR1JDcG5WdFYzUmtkWGIxY0hWQ2htTW5SRGJQbGxaTGRIVzJSelRPVjJTVmgzVHJOVmFQcG1heFFsVXVCalR5dGtUaFpsUVBaWFZLUkZidmMzYXBSMlFwUkdWckJqYlVkV1NtTkhWT2xFYU1wRmVaaDBVcHBrVW5OMllFNWtXQmxYWUdobWNqbEZhNXN5S29GVU50dHlkb2xUWlMxV1JFQlhhdUowWk1wM1Y1a1RRMlpsUk1sRmJZUkhlVk4zVTBrMmR5TjNhRHhFU3l4RVdWRmxWcjBHYXpSWFNEcFVhNVYxYUdOemQ1RlRUc0pGUzBsbVdCcDNUcDlHYnFaVFdtcFhXb3R5THhoelJQaFdaNlpXWVFaVmVUUkhTeU1rWXdCWFEzSm5UdnBHYkxSbVRrVjFjdFptWXJwbWR6UlZhdnQyTXJnbVRLcFZjQjkwYTFKMk4xZ1ZUMmRsZE9kV2Q0MUdUc3RTYkhKMWNMTkVjek5YWW5sRmVwdENXWGxuTjRWRWE2UmtlVmxWVEhCSGN2ZHpZdlpGY0NkbVpYQmxacVZGYVFwblkzb0ZPeVZVY2FwRlNCSm5ka05uTTBGbGJDNTBOTVZVVTJoVVZHVjBjVkZuYzROVk5ybEVkemRITzVnMmIwdEVjWkpsUzBZSGRyb0dSa2gyYlRwbU1rbG1aelJETU9WRU9JUjNjdnNDUjRWV2IxVldWdkoyYm9KWFVMcEVkNGszS3JwWE4zMVdhaGRWZGk1MmN2dFdiUkJWZTRkSFp4TWtTdEoxWnpoM1RIRnpLNWRUWWpWVFE1dDJkekVVTll0V2V3aEZUNHAzVHpSRVQ0c0NXR2gyZFJaMU5HRmtlRFJUVW1sR1J3TkhTRkpFU1IxMlNHSmxOSEZYY2E1MFNqSldlbnBuWU9Oa2N6QlhUR2RFVGpkWGFYZDBiWEJWYnFCSE12TUZXMFFITVlCbFFudGtlRmRqZTBnbmIxQkRaSlYzUjNWSFRJbDJZMXNTYVF0eWFOcDJWdFIwYjFFRWEyOVdXWFZGZW5kWGVpZEZVWDkwU3doMExvSkRiRHQyVlQ5V1JZbGtid2xqY2FCSFI0cDBaWWRsZDJnV05XdFdRMmwyYUpaM0thQjNhMGhVWW9OWGNQUkhSemhITkQ5R2F4WjFjcllsUjJoVlpvNVdRcmNuVzMwbU1CTldidFIwTVRwWE91Sm1jM0lXYm5wbVlyOVNOYUZYZHJGMVMzbHpSelZUUm9KMmRDMUdWWFJuUzNFemIzYzBZU3BXZHlCbFRhaEdjckFIU3VabWR4RkZiUGhtUlBWWFFyWkdadmhqTXBOSFJpcDNZMFltY3ZsVGJWMVVVMnBITnZSSFYyVTNOM2hITkd4MGNrbFhWMFpqZHN4MFQ1b0dOUlozVW5WblRIaFdkMmxtUktKMGJ1dENSek1tVldOblphVnpVMm9YZDFWRmN4OTJjcnAxVTVaVVVhbEdkRzVXTkRGMGIyRTJiSFoyTm9Cbll4dFdNMnBIVjRZRWV6NTBhYVJVTk8xVU5yeEVlMlZrWndFbmRJOTJSRU5YY3dKVlpybDFUeUpXY205RVZzcFhWcjhrVkRsamN2TlZSellVWW85RVNoZERjNHdtUXVCMWFtSnpjSlZIVFh4bU0xVlVhekpWVWl4R1V0dG1ieFlHZTR4MEtpTmpheDVXTlg1bVo0cG5lS3RpV3FaRmR3MW1jVXBXYXNKMFJZWm1SUlZYYzFValZzZGxkdzhDZG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3bug9dU.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Iqraa
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Makkah TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Makkah_logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/b3nn216.png" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA 1 Urdu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://live-tv-channels.org/pt-data/uploads/logo/uk-mta-international-3683.jpg" group-title="Religious Channel", MTA World
http://?PThtY1ZKak02bGxheWRVUmlaa2I2cEZSUmRsVXZ0R1YwUVVkdUZ6YjVWVWRLZDFTM05VVU5oRVY0c0djUGxYUnpOamN3UUZWT0JEU3hOM1RyQWxRbEZuZHhnMVVsaGphdlFrZW90V00zRlhOaUJ6VjRFbllGbEVVRmxXYzRvRVptTm1ZdWxIWnN4MmN2WTNaREZsTXpjRGR0OW1heE1VZXpCRGNhWmxWaWhtUndSRWN2UUhjQ1ZWWnhSME5yTnpZR2RrZHdrMmRKaEVUeVJEZVZobFZ1bFdjd3gyVHhRbmVQZG1Wc1YyTXBOWGRhVlVkUkoxUnZGRlVZcG1la1pYV1V4V2N5MUViREpWWktKVVowZG5SVVpGV3ZoM1ZDQmxhNVZtZDVselQwaFVWMXBFTXlvMVlhQm5RQlJUY3hCVmQzaFRlb1ozVXlwbE5pRkViMU4zUzRoVll5WTFkeFkxU25CM2NydENSQjlTYkhsblZ5aFdReGhGZFk5eVozdGtRcWwyTUs5R1Y1b0dSeGxIWjJjamEyaDFMM1ZqWW9CbmJxWm1kTzltZDMxbVFGUm5helpuV3JNV1Y0SkZXcmdXYVIxMk1XdHlMQlYwYW5sR2JKVkZWMVZWWXBGelM0cEhacXAwYzJVRGRIVjBSMU0zU3ZKMk15cEZiREpuUVNsMWMwb1VkME5VYlZGRGRyVlRWNjlDVjJoMk5MOWtkc0puYlRCalNxWjFUcVZsYXdRRmJycG1RYUYyVTJsRGFXQmxaM1JrTnd0VVl2Uldidm9YZFZKRFVCaGxhMDQyVTNVa00zOVdTTkpFTVlaM1RYWkRUa1JFYnlvV1YwWjNWd2hHT2hwVVZQNTJaRlZ6YjNWWGR6ZFhRQjVVY3N0R1dwWlhXT3BtV3I5bVlzUjNacmszYjNSbFZxRkZSakZFT3lZWFIyVmxXNU0zYVhkVFdqSkZhelJ6TTNWRFdXbG1RbEpYTktsMWFNbG5UbzVtZXl4VU5ORmtTanBHV1UxMFpXSkhjRE5HVVNwbGRzeFdVUmRHVjVBSFJyYzFUMThFZEt0RU02RnpLcVJuVTVKRE01c1dXMlJYZFV4RWJqaDNMNWhHT3RKMUs0UW1VSk4zTndWWE9HTjJkdk0wY0RoWFk0QlhZTEpIZUg5bVJVVmpTU1J6YXhGRmRYUjNRMVpFZXRGRWRHOVdVclF6VkNwRWEwOGlXNTgyYTNSR1dCZFZOV2RIZFFoMktPWlRlV0pGZDR3bVl4bGtXd04xWjBjMlY0ZEhjMjEyY2toRGEwWVVNNWgzTmFoekxwcDNSck5UYVFWMWRocEZja2xuTXFaSGJzTjFTSUYzTXNKRFZvVjFiVUpsV21OMmEwSlhjaE5VYVdCM1k1WVROVVZFZTBaMmN2dHlLeHgwS210MloxeG1lMmhFYWFoMGFGOUdjeHNDT3FkMWJLZERhMVUzTTVaa2VWZDJac0YwU3hZVVVwbEVPSVZIZHVCSFJGOWtNd0VtZUZsVFNQcEZXelp6YnZSRlNVZDNSaHBFVU5kRmFrSldXWVYxYXBoSFM0NTJSb1YzWXJnRWJLaHpkMTlrY1FablQzbDFiS1ZYY2o5MmJTWlZldXQwYlFsamRqZHpaNmxVTlR0eWNDUlhVcmhuVzRWbWJ2a2pSdU5tUXJkMk4wUjJZTWhYYTRnMUsxZEZiSTkwWUpsVVVzbFdka0ZITVNsbk00UkZkbE5uYTBRWFNabFdhMWRFVnlobk5ZZG1VUzlHV3Z4V2QxZzFkaVJ6VnVSbWF4OXlMRGxHYXhKM2NoQkhlWTVHWnBOVmR4ZGtTaFIxUTBWSGN3c0NlMk1rZEZKRmFpcGxWMEpETno0V2VZTm5heVpXVnZKRmVPTm5lVEpXYTFSMUxLVkVOczEyWnI4R2VHVjFhMTl5YjFFMll2UmtjQmRXVnF0MlpHVnpaWGRsZXhNSGUyc2tZcUZFZTI5MFRRRlhacVIxTExaa2FGRjNiUlpuY3NCM1IzUVhPTDlHUjVFbmUzSkhiMlVtZFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.thenoor.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Noor-tv-heder-logo-copy-1.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Noor TV UK
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.peacetv.tv/templates/images/english-logo.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV
http://?bkpHTXZvMGMwZFhVRGREU0Y1MmJSTkhOSVJXZXJ4VVdxdDBkVVYzTkhsbVYyQjFjVmRXTm5kelo2WkVPRkJYUVNkWFJCUjNRejhDYTNoVVl5Z1RTMVptY3lRamQ0cFdNbnBuWXl0U2FKMWtNcmNqVzNOa2FGaDNRWFpYVTBBSFdKZDJhM3gyUlFKV2JxOW1iNU1VUUhwMlJHSldaekFsZDVJR05vSldSdUJUZFZGbGVFeDJTTWQxVlpoRWJ2UTJNU2xuYm5oekwyQkZhSVpYT0cxRWFQeEVhSU5XU3FabmIydHlRSFIxYkJObll3Y1RidVpVZWtoVmVOZFhkMzVFZGhGRVdwcFdRVUIzWnZra2VpWjJkNFUyUXJoelEzWm1aUjkyYXNoVE13bFdlcjVrUzB0RVMyaG5leFJXWktsV01zVkRWdGxtY2k1ME1RRjBMeEoyU3NOVlVJZG5aTGxuWjE0RWN3RjBhNkp6VXUxRVVTQm5UM2hHTkxWR01EaFZld3dVUTBFRGF5OTJjdXBWYVhKM2J6dGtRejBrYXlVMGJyNGtTM2gxWnpjMmQwRUhNaFpYWW45bWJxSnpicTkwU3BabWMyTnpSRGgzVTJCbGNSUmxlc0pIZWlwR013QjNZTmxuTTI1R1V3NTBRRmRIY3hJelJJSnpLelptY0dOWGRqZFdaU2xFU0paMmR5Y2xOQkJETzRKMU1wcEdWVHhtUXNkRmUzRXpjenBuTVlCblJzVlRiekFYTUZ0R2NzWmplMGMwY1JKbWFPRjNkdGwzYnJaWFMxYzNhVkJuVGlwbWN3a2tiR0JITzVkemQ1VlRhUlpYZDFJalJXSmtjemcwTlVaemF2ZG1TR3BGYXpFbmFHcFdTRGRtYlhCbk0xMTBjcDFrU1lkRGRhNTJjaDlTY0RGamRwZGxOdzlpTjZkM1RRTkVlM29tTnJjVlR0WlhiVUZWVjNJbmRuVldhMkpHZE81V1FSUnpRNEFIZTRnelFhMUdUeWRIU3ljRlIwZG1ZVzlTZXRoR2I1STJTekltZHZsbWR2bGxka0ZITW9sR2FScFhiUDUwTXBkelE0dG1SS05FT1NKbk53ZFhWbU5WYWhwVlJIOUVadlYzVFQ1R1JhdEdiaXRXTjVRemRJNTBaeGtrWXJWV1V6TjBWVVpYVm1kR2E0d2tieVVVU2Faa1Q2VkRTUFJsYXZrbWQyY21aeFpuZXg4MGI2WmtWMEYzTVlOelp5eFdUWk5XVnhjMVowWVZSS0JIWnE5bWFJdFNaekFIUklaMFJacDBkUHRHYWFCVlp2cDBRSGRFZXQ5R015a0VPcFZUY0dWRGV0MTJOcEZVYVpkblVybDNMVmwzTklGamRIUmtZMXRtWm54MlFseEdOR2gzTEdaMlV4azJadmhGVmhoelR6VkhhWkZXWm5OSGQxVVRZRWhtZU9WbGM1RmxXcTVXZXcxRU9HVjNiWHgwU2hSM2RFSlhhSVpETXJsR01XSmxVdkJIZHFSWFVqNUVkcTVVV3kxMlMzaEZadmsyTGFaSGJNaGtjaUoxYjJCbFIxUkRaM3gyVXg4R1NQZDJkM2tFV3Z0Mlo2WjFMeHAwVjNwMkxtQkRUNVpIZUpGamQ1SkRjdjlXWTI1bU4ycGxldk16YzBRbmRGbDJTclpqZDFZVlN0NW1TcmR6VHhRbWVqSkhUMXdXUkMxRWJvZFZWMTEwZHFSV05uZG5jVzFtVklkM1NvUmtlelZ6VVAxVU9xWm5OSWRtVlp0R2UzMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Bangla
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dhz7Kw8U8AIMcyG.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV English
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Peace TV Urdu
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/U1XFyOx.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Saudi Quran
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/6uT41kj.png" group-title="Religious Channel", Saudi Sunnah
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Shubhsandesh
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.jagobd.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/IQRA-BANGLA-TV.jpeg" group-title="Religious Channel", Swamiji TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Z2Io8n4.png" group-title="Religious Channel", The Islamic Network
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.zeeentertainment.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/flix-280-200.png" group-title="ULS PLus", & Flix HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/4/4f/Logo_of_%26_Priv%C3%A9_HD.jpg/220px-Logo_of_%26_Priv%C3%A9_HD.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", & PrivÃƒÂ© HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", ABZY MOVIES
http://?PU1uWTBZbFUxRjJabFZqYURsa1JyaGtaVEJYYWo1MmRVSjBhSk4xY3F4MEs2WmxSNE5sVTZCalI1ZzJUVGwwWXFkMVp0cEhWTGQwWXE1RWIxTm5RdVYzZHdNVFNURkdlbTkwWTJnMFNzUjNkcWhsTlFKSGJTOVdkNFVtZVlWbWE1WTNSMEZsY3dZMlNGaG5SRTlFUzV0U2NIOTBWUVJtUTJobVo0Wm5kaWxuTmExbVo1RWxibEJEV3prWFM0NTJZRnBVUWpoR1Y2SjNaTWRqY3hFVVFTMW1kMnBtU25SVU9ZcDNUWXBtVEtoVmV2a1RRU2hYVTJORWJoaEVhelFYZHBkMFRxQjFjMXhFV0haRFMxSlROTTkyTVoxbWFrVmtkRmhuY3BORmJ1eDJVMEoyWXZWMlR0ZDNTa2xVZXZsVWNSZDJTVXBuUjBWMUt1cEhWdWxXZXJ0Q1REaG1kVWxsTXpoVGFzWmxUNWdUT3JabmVQRmxjNFFYZHRabFRFdGtNeGwwTVFGemQxWjNOblpqVlpSR2RYQjNiRUYzWnhKVVYxb21Xc3BHZXhGbWN6NFdkdmtqTjAwR1I2RjJhUWxrZU9aSGJEQjNUeVZIZTBkR09QcEVjb2RUWXVGM002QkhSQ1owVTJjSGV5c1dWd2xITW5WMmNqeDBMbFozWXZKMVREaERkVVZYTWxaVWMxWldZdzl5VlFoV1YwTkRaNGtqZHlVbFZUcEdSck5rYTRJVlQwdzJaUTFVZG9SbGUxaERNSFpEUnQ5a1RDVkdOU2hHY0xkVlN5OUdlbEZuZENSa1F6VlVTeE1EUkhoM2JHcDFRWlJUYzZGbllGZDNUMEJqYkxkR1IyMVdSMG8wZHpnbWVrOUVPd1ZHUnV0RWIyb0hVcm9uZVNoVlRPdFdjd0VYYTJnRmJucEZVMDFHYkloM1F4SnpaRlZVZFh0RVdtVmpSblZ6VXAxVU9WRlhlSVptUllGVmJaWm1hd0ZWT29OMlF3a25STVZIVFNaSGVWQnpkbmRGVTFjMVE0QnpUREYxTHJ4MmR6Y0hWd2RXYnVsbGN1QlRXNlZHVFJWVVZGMW1ZMDhFV2FwVmMwc2tkSEZWYjB0aVN2QnpVUEJIUk1WRlpwaFVjNkYyVEVkblE2TjFkeVFYY1FsblMxTjFic2hsYTZ4a1VrVldjdHhVTTFZbWI2Wm5SSlZqVTFrWGR1ZDJaM0lrUjZSVWFyVm1lMWxuUXlnVWRWOXlhMkpXZHdNR1dvRjBLU2QyVjE1bWFoVnpMRnRtZGFOVmVLTmtWc1puTU05U2FKdFdVM2tUYnlwRmFVWm5iQ0YzTnJsMFlQaFVNUjVHUzQ5MGFxSkdiRVpGUzNsR05xbDNZdGxsU28xR2NabGtiMjAwZEZWVFFCVmtTcFJHWjZCVE5qRm5XSTlTZVJSR2RZWlRRYVpITzRkME4xb2xOQ2wyWTFZV2F4cGtlUWxHY2l0RU0zdG1VakpXWkJkMk1tbDJhTk56Yk1aalkxTkdXNmhFVUJSbGJrVlhkWTFrYzVJMGI2aERVT1pITTVSbWRCQlRZNUlYZHpsRlNFcG1jRUpXTkJsV1JvUlVZMmwxYm5kbU54UWtOQ0ZsZWlSM1F4bEdiMVZIUnJoVFNDNW1ib2QyWURabGVoaFdPVlZHTjM5U1NEZGxXQjFtYUJ0Q2JHTkdiMU5uWVY5RWM0dFVTUjFVT3gwMlZXUkhONGtIYUlkMFFYMW1ZeGR6ZG5GVWN2SlhieVJYTWF0aWNwRldkd2RIT25WVE5xaDFTT1pYY2lwRU80RUhiQlYyS3N0MFJvTlhPRVoxVEcxbU5VWlRTdkJEYXcxVWVhcDFUMU5IYk9aRFI2eDJMcmtVVzBNR2JVSm5SR3hrVHZ0V2F5VmpZU3BIVms1a1ZJUmtkcVJGZUhwMk4zZGpVMnAzS0doSE53SVRWb2xXYjVGVWNZTm1RdkowTG5KbFp2bEdXTFZUZXhaM2JrNW1hMnAyUnhKbE5YOW1iRTEyVDNsa1lGcEViWmwwWkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/a/ab/B4U_Kadak.jpeg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20200320100818" group-title="ULS PLus", B4U Kadak
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Bflix Movie
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://boxcinemedia.com/assets/img/logo.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Box Cinema
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GjGiNIA.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", CHCé«˜æ¸…ç”µå½±
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/11/Cinemax_%28Yellow%29.svg/550px-Cinemax_%28Yellow%29.svg.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Cinemax
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", DD National
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WjJ8MHC.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Dubai One ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/0iklNh2.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Groovy
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/HBO_Signature_Asia.png" group-title="ULS PLus", HBO Signature
http://?PWdXTUpSSFNSNUVkeWNuU0ZCMVQxWkRiMXNDVDNJWFpzQmplUjlTYk5ablJrOWtZckJITW5SRlRGcG1hbmxuYXZkbmV3MVdkYUp6UjNwVVM0OHlLQkZuUkRGVld3d21lek5ETXVGbWUxOWlNQnBYVkpSSFRZTkZVNVVqZW9aVE53d0Vadk5VWnNaMktKeFdUWGRqTkJkMmFyeFVNUUZWYnlkR1pTRmtldVZIVzVrM2RocFZhdk0zUVdGMk51ZEZUWkpsZUtaM1QzVm1OcFIwYXd3MExuWlRkM3BXU1lkalp3ZDJjMzVHYm5ORGVZTkVhVUpGTTVKRWU0VVdSa2xYUTZSMFMzUVdiUlZFYm1ablo0dGlleVJqVVVaSGJWSjBTeWx6Y2p4VVVUVkhTNk4yYmpOMlZuVm5UNUJ6UjNNRmFTRnpWMk5VTnlWME1yWXpNeEYzVkVObVlWbEVlanRDV1hoM1o0QlhZUEpUT0kxR1NySWxXV0JEYXlsR09DVkVNMHAxTVRaM1ZVUm5NMFpGVkVoM2I0UVRkNGdGWnB0MkxOUmtRenBXU0JOa2F6YzBiUHQwS3dSWGF3VlRORFJHV2lsMlJPZEhNUWxVYXR0V1JwaEVTenBHWkpGblUwZEdNUmRrYnBwbmJKZGxXdWxqYzN0Q09XUjJSc1IzWTA1R1J2NGtlQlJVYlk5a1p2WkVhalZUVXJGSFc0Z25Oa0ZIY3ZaV1FxQkZjeEZsVTNrR013Z1dNc0JET1pWVGNtUkZUeEZrYnhGV09wUjJaaVZuV0RwR1NFcEVieEZqTUhOVk5vbHpNeEozUnRkR2RYVmtkVFpGZVlobld6ZHpZdVowUUp0MEtYdG1aUDlDZXJCRGNsUldWWEZsWXRwSGRhaEZSd28zU3BGbmJDbEhlU3BtVXNoalZxdFVPdkIzTEo5V09tZFVaa2RGYk01MFkzRWtaMTlFWlZOVVFFRkhNNVZrVGx0eWIwazBjSmQyYm5kbGNzbFZXNEYzTWhkRWFUbEVhejRHVnhZRmE0UkRTRGQwUndsblozSURSNG9WZHl4RVNaQkRWd05XVHRWR1ZaaFhPNEIxS3lwSGI0Y1VOeHhHV3d4VVFsdFNkMEJITXlSRldIMUVlQmRHWnBCRE4xaEZSamRFTnBCSGN6eG1iMk1EZVZsMFFTSkVTclIxTlZabFN2dEdUV3AzYjBOMmNQaFViMlJrTnNCRk16TUVONUlYVXBaRFpYSlZhMFFEU1ZCamFzWkVhVnhXTzB3V2NNMVVTeEZVYXI5a1NCdEVhMVJtV201VU9NRjNhbmxET3ljVWJtWmxXQmQwVXlWM1RqSkdPNW9YZDVCMWJabDJacmswS01kVk82ZERaSUZHWk5KM1R5ODBNeGdUZGlsbWNUVm1Rb1JsWmxGMmNuQkhVTFZrU2lobGUxTUZUNEVHYnNkWFVPUmpTUzVtUzBvWGFyZDFaTVZqWW9oMVF1VnpNQ2gzYjExR1d5SkVSNkZEYm1SMmRySldZeHRHUlBkVGFtZDJjQngwWndkMmQwMG1RV1pEYjZSWFoxZGpSMkFITzNwMFppZFVjNUUyYlZGekszbEhaVjlrZHNwV1J6MW1RRWRGZDRzMFVJeFdld2hIWk9ORlJQTlhhMVFUUTE4U2R5RW5NWnBITXFSa1UxZ0ZNV0JIVkNoM1JzeDBjRGRWYUtaRFZxaDBSRlIwZGhobWRaTjJkNjEyYzRJMFNPUlVXekYwVEtGbWExbzJSMlpsWnpJa2FZMTBkUUYzTXBWRFc0WmpVejhtTVlSVWRQVmxjMEVHVkxObmFvZFZRV0ozU3JoMlZ5RVRTVVJtY0VSVVN2aERTckptWlpOelp6cDNhMTFVU3JGa2VEUkVTVkIxVDBKMmJycFdVcGhHVjBRMmJ2SldlcnNHZHlkRGQ0UlVXeEVWZG1kR2RySUhXanAwZFlSSFJyUXpSMHRDU1paSGV6ZG1WbVptV3dWM2EzSW1kRU5YTW90a2RKcEdSMVkzUUpKR1ZWaEdkdmtVU1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RPwKZUD.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Arabic
http://?PVFYUXdoVVZXSlhiWlowYjVWR05vZGpNTGhtZTRKWFFLcFVaNWRIYUxWMVJ4TlRZejFrUnlGMVZtbG1Ud2NYTXJSVGVySTJNNElrVXZkamFsTlRlQzFXYnhkMlFISlRkWlJXU2xWRU9zbEhaTWhuVWgxbU1yUkhTdmNGYzFKV1FabFRlbmR6VlRoa2FRUm5RSXBFWlZaV2NwaDNLeEkwZDJSbFR0cDBSRWRuYUhGRFZNUkhhdkZITjJwbk5zcGtVeWRUYnU5R1QxRURXM29VZTBZbWF4aFVVeGgwYk1salMwc0dOSjFXZTU5Q2JyTURSaXhrYm9aamVzbEdXd2QyWTBjR2R5dGtidmRUU0U5aVp1SnpWNDlTVVZSWGQxY21ZbGhVY21SbWVEOVNkM05uU0h0Q1Q0SUhSS3RHT0pKVWU1VlVhbXgyUnBObVN0bDJNbTFHTVRsalEyUlRiMXhrZFd0MGQzdGtTcHBrVHZjbWV2VXpVM0VEYmlSVGFUaG1keTlHZXJnbmVFWkhSNWxUZXJrMGJ0ZFRlVWREZHlGa052TkVaTGRIYnA5R2RPZGplQlpUZHNWalJ0NVVTckEzYkkxR2NqbERSMm9FYnpFSFdERjNLMWxtTWFsRFRSNVdkMTgwUVhsMWJ4WjNWWDFXVG5kRlJVOTBWdzhHYXNWR050QkZiSHhrV3NWM041WkVVNmxrZXkwV1QzcEVhUEJEYTRsWE5pbFhNdXBtVzVWRVp6bG1WR2hUZTFnbGF5Rm1Uem9FVjBkektwRldld1FITlJaRlNyTjFkRFJuYXVObVJ3aFdlV0oxZFB4bWRzRlRjWFJFYnJVRWRPRmtUMUpFZDNoRFY0MDJRdUZEYm14a2RhaERkUE5tTjFkaldyMEdaWHAzWnhBRGU0Z0VkV2hVZHZaR050MWtOa1JXV1VwSGFqdEdSbk5tYXlJRFYxUVVRMFpsZUc5bWVXeG1UMnAwUXd3bWFsZEdjMzAyUjZ0U01NUkZTaGwzU1JsVGJzRkZkMmNuYXpjVVFxbFVUbk5YWXJ4R092WVZPc0JYYnJCbmJ5b2xRcWRrZDA5eVlpOW1jR05HTlJkbWVZSmplNWNuVnZCM0tzeEVUSnRtYURKR2ROTjJkeG8xTW05V05xbFZheG9FTzB0MmNEWjFjNFpEYUVGSE80dG1Oc2gyTjRwRVVUdFdlYWxWVldwbmNKQnpNM1JWYzJaVFMxVWtkaEYzWkVOSE9sTmxjclEyZHRGRVMwaG1Nb2RHUzRKSFZYbERWSDl5ZFRsRmVsUkZUNUpWV3NSRU1FWkhlelYxUUxWWGRIOWllcU5UUXBOV1ZPUlVjNG9HT01SVlFKcDJkMlpIU3JvSGN2WjFUaTVrYXY4MmJpZFhiMHcwY1ZOSFV3SjBjdWRET3JBVE1JaDJTeUJUT0laVWFFaEVWTVJrZDRsMFZpbFZkVlpYUTZoblRJZFVkWGxFTnNaV1N0QjFRdGhHV3p3MlFOMWtlQ1YxY3NkamE1YzJWcTUyYUNaSFNpNUdTNFZuVTFSMmJ5Sm5kaWRYT3NsMFVWOTJWeWgzVEp0V2I2RkhkTWhUTnpFR2V4aGtZNEYxVXF0bU5VTlROVEZEY01abVVXdHlhNVZUYWxObk5oeFdUeHNpU0k1V2NLaDBSM3hFTTFKWFdKaGpkSGxYYWx0VVE1VldhemtHUkM5V051aEVieUUzYXlrMmN5dEdNelIzYjNnbVlDcDNMemRFZVpoM1VocG1UMWgxVHh4MGRxSkZaVEZGYXI1bU51ZGtidmdHVDRselRaZG5lV2RsVVVKMGEzeG1XbTlpVTU4V015RjJTNmREYkNORVRpTm1NMXBsUlJoV2QzcEhSUUowTUtkamU1Z2pXcEpsWXpaRFR6VURkMklIYnZGVWFydDBjMW9HYk1CbGUzRjJWMHNFYzVrblQ1QlZUNFJXY29SVmF5QnpVMzkyVXF4R1N5ZDJiNmgyTjVkbmJLeFdXUTltZG5wbmJWSlhldFZYTVZaa042bDNiTGhqTkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GgmXZRU.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM English
http://?M04yTjFwRldhaFhNVE4yTlFaMGFXVjBVR05WVXM5bVFNcFVOTWhXT250MktFUlRkT0pITjNZWGJ0NW1WcVpVTXRkM0szMWtZbGxEZDZsMmRIbFhOcDlpVk1ka1Z4ZEdTVlZUUU5kRmN5SWxWS1JWVjRwblV3Y1hlMzQyWTJKMFNIdEVieElYZTFJa1l0aHpjajVVT21wV1lTWm1VUWxXY09kbFR6RjFMNU4zVHVCbk40cG5UdGRFY04xa2Qxa25hdGhqWnBaM1JHRkZjNVEzU3pvbGMxZFRjWWxuU0VKelIyaEhXeG9XV1lwSE5SWldWNDkwYkVOVlM0TUVTdFZVZGs1VWNMcDJSS1pEUldOWGVuSlVPMHgyY29GVE9VSlRZelJuU1daVE5ycEdiV3AwWjJNRE4wQlZOeGtXWXZrSFd2aFZkd2RtY0dSalVqUm1kNFpFVzNGbFJoZG5OMXRFTWtwWGJ3Z1ZVdUYwYTRWbFVPcDJWb3BuYWFWMFl4WlRhbmQwWnFGbGN0Qm5RdmMwWktwR1J3RVdkNFIxY2p0bVRGSjNSNGxVYnJrVVZUNW1aNFpYYURCM2R0VkZkalYyY3gxMFprZEhleDVtYnlsRWMxNEVidXRXTjUwMFIyRm5SUXRDVll0MlZFOVVhaUZrZHdVbWVJTnpZcEp6VG5CM0wwMEdNdlpsY3ZRV2NaTkhVNElFZDBoSGJ2WVVSMEVIY0hKMWJpZFRiMWMyVmhsbFQ2VjNLVFYyY1BwV2VxZEhUbGhrY3haR1Q0TldRdTVXTWpsMUxKRjNiMVFHV1JOamJXTjBiMWNXYnNSR1dKSmtlMWRuTkU5Q1dTOWtleVJsUnpWRU01bHpUM1pVYWhCM05GWjNMd1ZrYTRrRlR3WjBMNWRWTTVZMmJ4SlhiQlJqVU5KbmFVcFhNaGRHV3NOV1EwYzFiajUyVlJOVVNOWlhiQ04zUnBkelQwaHpiSlpYY1ZaM2RyWmplNUkxWldOWFp2TldRdU5UZFZKbVdXWkhaeklUV1daVmNSWkdlc1prYjFWSFV6NW1UamRYY0taV1RZMVVkRVZFTjFWbWNwQmpiQzUyU0pGSGRTOUNVWDFtZGtabmN6MG1NcU5rY1hka015d21VNkpsTVBOemMxbGxOenhtWnZkRk1pVlhaWFpIUnVoWFJTUlRkdEZEZDN3a1F5aFZPdkVWU3ZjV1lQUlRhekVrYnM5V1RyWWpld2hVYjRjamFDRm5adU4zTTFNemNwSldNV0pIVXg5bU16bFZPTjUyVlpaWFROSkRickVXYjNoRmR6NTBNaVIyWU81V2NySVdVNU5VZTBGRmV0Tm5kc2RuVnlWRk8yZ0diMTFrY29KWGFIRmtRSmhVTXhOak1vTjFad01YVURSMU4wRkZidTEwU3lSMVNybFZSWU5IU3RsR2FSQmpNWVp6Y3NCM2J5aG1hM2xXTnVGbGNIMW1VaTkwWURsMVpSNW1NbWRuZHZWelUxVjJjdjgyZHhjV2NYZEdlc1pUY3Noa1F1bDNMMUVGWlpkMlVyOTJhNXcwZFVsR2UyVjNSdFZYWXNoR01wQm5XRk5FWllaSGJJWlVkcWRrYzI5VVlKbEhhRXhHYjFVRWNKVjNhcllEV3BsemQ0cFhSUk5HTzNwM05qNTJLSnhVYzVGVFlyY0RONUZEU1FsemNxdDJUR0YyY3dSR2VSSldPQ05uZHpoelFEaFVPbFIzVVlwa1FreGthUlJtZTRRVmU1OTJkQmhWTWt0MmJCMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/El4Ymh6.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Persian 1
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://fa2.ifilmtv.com/img/test-final02.png" group-title="ULS PLus", iFILM Persian 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Kasthuri TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/GbQuvWG.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Kuriakos Cine
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MANORJAN MOVIES
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8f/MBC_2_current_logo.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 2
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/KXuzL1u.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 2 ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC 3
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/n3TgfP0.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Action ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Action HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F5ER0we.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Drama ARB
http://?PT1RYjRCbFoyRm5hMTl5YXpkbFVveDJVMVYxU3pZbmFCSkhSMEVWWTFKV1J2QW5OTnhHTnIxa056aGpieXNXTkRCM1RxdGlTdVJWWjFVbmQ0WXpaakJEZU9OVFo0TWplb0ZUTjZaSGF6TTNTeDFFY0JKVWRRQlZWWUZVVnJoWFJRTlhSMEFYWkZaWFc0SXpkMGtHZE45R2Q1cEVjcjBrTk5OblF6WTJObHhXZUVWVWRpSm1Wb1YwTHdBbmJRaG1WTTlTTU85R2NyOHlZUVJtZXBsbmJRNVVZVTUyTDJ4R1J5UkVlREZEZXkxMlRyZDBaUE5FVWpCWE80UW5SSUowZFZ4V2EzSmpWdVJqTXlnR2JDNW1VVFJqV3poemFGSkhhT05sV3IxVU5JdEdScWhuZXZrVlVaTlVlVHBFVVhWMWEwRldkNU1GYXRWSFZSSldTVWxqZEVoM0tHNUVWb1JVVVJoMllzQjNOVEJYYUw5eVpWMTBkek1qZDA1a1pSUjJWNDRXYjNnelN5Sm5heWtGY2lKbFN0VlRWVXBuYVZwSFZqTldlU04yY1VoVk9ORkhWckZrZTB0aVNxcFhSRGxXY01Ka2IyTlRiUHhrY3dSMlkxUm1RNVFuVTJGV1M0TjFkMVFGUlRGVFFxUlVReGxVTlNsblV2WldXMUJ6Y3ZBbE5DbFRkbnhtZVlKMmNGVlhhWEYwU2lGRmI1Y2pVQ2RGYm9wV01wNVVXaWQzZEhablFaWmxleFIyTFQxV1N2TnpSbmhGT0dkbVVHbDFieU5EYkhobmJNdDJVbzlpVDRwMFlKOVdNNE5FTXZkSGV2b0diME0zZHpWVk02VlRWUVpYV3Y4bU01SkRlaUZEY3pKM1F2WkhVVFpFVXVkbldJRjJaamRuYVRGRE40VjNLNnR5VHJ0ME15dDJZSUpYTm1WMWRaTlVZNEJWWjJwMFQzSWthSXBHWjFwR1c1d0VkMWhFYnlKMWEwVkRaaEprYndRM014VXpMaGhYY3lnVU8zVlhNdVZUV0haVU14dEdkWUJUUlJaamJ2WVhONWh6VnhsSE9tbHpLeTBXZXcwMmIxTm5kQlpGYzZKelV3UlZWUlZYUXdZWGJxTnpib3AyYjNvV01EaEdOMnBrTm9sbVZ3dG1XSUptYkN0aWFqaDFjdzlXWnNSRmR6WjBRa1YzYXhKVGMxOUVhWVJqVVc1R041Vm5iUVpsZHpNWGJ1Snpkek1tZXdaVGJSTmtUeTFFWk1aSFZNTkhjQ2wwVjRZVmEzdFVZMnBHZDBkMllWeFVVb2RtU3djR2JrUmpkUUIzZFNoalR0RjJSMGRqWXhsMmF3RXpOMUZEYloxMFRrRlVRNXRpUXdZMFQwOFdUVmxVYWp0aWQ0ZHpaNGQyWnF0eUtQMVVPd3MyTEZSRFdheEdkbFZUTlU1a1N0dENaaEpWZHhaM1NYeG1kekFEZTVRMU12VjFMelZIZU9SblZtZFhPWHAzUTJJVGJpdFVVbngwVjJCM1lGZDBZdEZIVTRRbGJoVmxkd0kwUVRwbWFyWjJidmNsUk9SM1ZoTmpXMHRVZDVFR1JOZFdVeDVXT1lwVlJ2azNTWU5rUWtoSGIwOUVXc1psY3dobk5NSjJkcmRHV0Z0aU1XZFdiU0YyVHZoV1JuVkdkSWxHUlhsSE53WjFOMVJGYU81MmRqZFhicGhVV1FaV014bDJhM2wwZHRabGFrNVdXeUVXTjNWelpLQkZTVUpIZERKMVJLZDFhSkYzWVlsa2I0aDJjdjVtWXpobWVXbDBkaFIxZFlOamFtaDFMdGRtVUhaa1kwZ0djNlpFTVBoM2JCUjNaTWhsY3N4Mk10QlRlNU5IZUdGRE9taEhkVDkyWnE5U094Sm1RVGxsYnlGM01rNVVjMUVHYzVwVlM2OW1kNXhVZXVkMlpUTlhZamxqYnlGbGRhOTJNVnBVYXZGV2VUVmxldk4zY0lCMVZRNTBhT2hHUnVabWI0aGpRVUZsTm9WM1NtQjFkb1JqYTB0VU5rUmtkNVpFVWo1bWQwa21VUjkyTEt4a2N2TVViQmRGT3kxa1czRjNOTmRXUTFCRlJpQkhhdkF6VHVCMVMxWmpldkFYWUNwM1Qya25XRHRHYk5kR1JoeDJMcDVtUkdKRU1qcDNad05UZHBKMWNvOWlXUkZtYXI1MGFyVkhiUVJITzVFa1E0VTJhek5HZG9kVlI0NTBOaFZqYTQ1MmNVZEZaVFIxYU5ORVZGOVVOenR5TA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/F5ER0we.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Drama Plus ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/X6EliFm.png" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Max ARB
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcQizUbUT8maNhKAFqfByMLR7iwuILbHrJ2Tlw&usqp=CAU" group-title="ULS PLus", MBC Max HD
http://?PWduWmtsbFJhbFRlMGRrTnlkV1QwbHpkbXRFVzRsSFRrOXlNNGxHZWtWM1lpQkRTcWhVZHhrMkxDUkhXNWdtWktsa2I0TVRWU1ZuZXl4a2M0WUdWVGRtU21SVmRXVjNhaDlTVzBZRVJ0ZERaakpYY1NobWNZSnpNTmxYYlB0eWFRQnpLdGxXV3g1bVdGbG1iTnAwZEN4RWNTcFZhRHBWVW5oVWJhWm1hbmRXTml0Mk5GZGxiSU4xUVVSVFMwZGxUV2gwWVU5bVVCcEZiMllHZXJJSFZ1dFNOejlpWlBSV1lTaG5TTFJWVElSVmFSRkZiMGwxVjQxMkx3dENUYWQzTjNwbFZ5aFdkMVFWUXdKellzdFNUbGRYYTFwMlRIVkdSaEpUY3VsbmRqOTJTb2RsU0lWSE8xQjNLeTlHZTBObGFvTjBVckJUT3pSRFRXdENlNHhXZTBwbmNwaDNiRXAzYTJNV1kzSlRjd0ZHVVhkbVI1UVhXT2RXY3pJR1VLVkdXbzVtUzFjMlJLZG1VR2xuY0xwM2E0bEVVeWgxYzFOV01OaGpaaUZYWVFCMVMxY0VjRU5GYjNValEwSlZRaUZGY0doWFRtSm5NSzFtZWFwblN4QmpUNEpsWnI5MlJLTkhPTXRHTlIxbWV3QmpXd01VTnlKR2NMaDFiczVHVHdwbmM1SkdiNGdWWTFaWFZ5aERlVzl5U3FOWFdKdDBRc2wwYk81a2IzOEVOclYxYnNWWGVRWlhPT0YzUUJWemJ4QmxXV1JtV3ZkWGR5WW1lNHBYVklwSFYxRmxjeGNqVDVNR1RvZEZNblpXYjI1MmFyTVRTcU4zYXBKbVNpTlhab2xWV0hwMk51SkhkV05tYzZWVmRwUmxNS05qZHNsM1lqMTBTT2htWlJKMVF6a2xkS0puZERSa1YwaERWb2xHTld4bWMwVTFSeE5WY2lSMVN1cEVSdGx6TktwWFlyb1dhbFZtWTNrR2JyTkVXUU5uUjMxbWFKeG1hcDlXT0JOamRXSkhjdU5VVGtOVE1vbDBMRVZrVU01bU5PQnpZM2RXY3NwMU12bFhUb0p6VUNaR1dYdFdRcVIxUXZzbWU0b0dVMHdVUTA1VWQwWVdiMUIzU3hvRWVCUkVjUUZUUnY4RVJ6UjFOMGMyUUdkMmRFTjNhbDlpYTZaSGFLdFVVd0YyVnhFbVQxY0dkUkZFT3pnVmQwZzJRWGRGV3laallIWnpSdkJYVXNKVVFCUlVkTDFtY1dSMUw0Qm5VMjh5Uk9wM2JqNUdiVmREY1dCamFMbDBheE5GVTNBRlJGUm5leGNrV21kRWNobERTMFFtZXF0aVNwZEdaeG9YU0hkSFMyeFVjVk5HVUVkMGJzaEhiT05WY1lCWGJySW1RQ05IZDRnak5ZWkRSNkZXZWhkbE5IZEdWUUJuYTVOVGEwUUVPQnBsVzJ0a1NoSkhUQkpuUm0xbVRLZFhkcE5VVVBaRFNxSkRhaTVVZG5SblVpeDJNSUpVZTNWMFV5SUhWeFpGV3lwbVc1VUhVRlpWTmhkR2RvUlZadUZqVnZ0MmQzVWtlRmhuV09sSGI0UldjaWRWVjVsVmQ0QjFiaFJqVnhZM0x3ODBVMWRGZHdSWE5RbFVjc2RFU09sVVJYeEdOakoxVXp0VWRNSkVTc2RWV3daR1Mwb21XeDlXUm5OV1VMcDJhMVJVVmlGbU55eG1acEJEV3BablIzb2xhNUltZTVObFpKSjBjekZUYk1aVlpUZEhjbWREUnhsVGR4VkdTM2RXYjZSbGF3eFVWNVJYZDBSSE5GWjJaVDlrWTFsVVVwTldVbEZHYUtkblkxTWtZamQxYzNrMktKUmpZb1JqUXFkbVVOOUdkejRVY1JKR2EwY1hNQ1JYYjNGekwwTVRUMzQyUXVka1FQOWtjWmxFVnNObmF1aERNdkVFYndaSE1vSjBNd3NtZFdkVWV4WURhNDVrTnJGVlZ4bEhibFZtVXdkamRRRkdjSmgyWm5WM01KQlZkQkpIZVVaVFYxaHpkcEJsYlNsa1cwZG1hMW9sVDRsR042QlRheGNVYnU1VU42ZFVUMk5uWndoVWF2NFdjMVprVFR0R2IzVkhNaVpsY3FObE0zOHlaMG9XUUtKelM1RW1hMmxrU3MxMll0Tm1hVFpqY25oV09SMVRQ
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://kccl.tv/sites/default/files/mn%20plud%20hd.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", MN+ HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/pIuJqYk.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Movie Kingdom
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image.roku.com/developer_channels/prod/eec31809f3d6d71fced82e9d9143a57637a6b9b80f5474e67feb1d5ffc482884.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Movie Kingdom (No Break)
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.nettv.live/uploads/19/1-191215202451457.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", NewTVæœªæ?¥ç”µè§† åŠ¨ä½œç”µå½± (Backup)
http://?c1p6Y1FSVmJ6SUhib2xYTjFRVWM1SVdVWU4yUjJoRE4zMVdUcDVtUUdwRWRVZDFiVVp6Y3ZrRGR0MVVOQmgyUXlFSGF6cDFMNjl5YXJnVE1NVkRWdHRrY3NSMGQzZ21SbFJrTVZaemRGMTBaYVpIV3J0bVVtTkhiclozS0lSbWJ3VkhhVkprYXNsSFcwZFRhT1pHTXZOblVFNWtUeFVtY0twM01heFdTNWRqVk5SVVZGdFdXRlpGT085MmJxUjNWeU0wWXlKalJ1Sm5ZMzltTkg5RU5uOTJheVp6Yk4xV012VjJMclFXVU1wR1pWZFZXeElYY1JwRWUwaGtZNFpUZFFaalR6OG1ZVk5XWUVsVWRuMWtTRWx6YXZoMGR4eGtUNDUyVHNaVk0wSm5hclkwS0ZwbFZvMTJLYVYyS3JwMlNDbFhOSDlrYWFkRk90Sm1hMmxrWkhoVmFrTm5SSUJGUmk5eVpYcFdRcFYzUjFOalV6QlZVMGxuWlY1a1FwdFdhRE4wS0xaVFkySlRkclp6TnBoR1pKNTJaeG9IYzJobVpHSlhWM1oxU3lGbmI0RUhkRUZsZVRkV2JKbGxlb05UY3g5Q09QbFZVTmhXZTJNbFp0Sm5laVZVWXVKa1I1WlRURmRIVTNvMmM0dzJTTFZsZGhGRmNrZEZTMkpYYmFOWGJOcG5hdmtrWkxCWGV5ZHpLdGxXYTFoMGRMVmxRTEJYUndvblNUSlhjc1JGV05GMlJ0dGlNS0ZVTUxkV1V5Z2xOWE5XYXhSWFN5WVRTMFpWWjFJWGVTUkhOQmRHV0dOMWR6UVZkcWRsYW5ORE1NVjNNVzFHVEpOVmRsOWtiRkZsTjVGRFIwRlVUcmNEVjVzR1UySm5Xc2gzYnN4bVRGbEdiMHhrUnZRV2E1Z0hPQ2RHVU1aRWF4SmpTWDlXWm5sbGQxRjNRdWxYVHZNMGNUbFdlSHhHVzBOMlpvdDBTTEpFVGpkMlZFcDNLcjRHY3ZsMWI1SlVZc2hsWnhoalR6SjNWeG9VVEtWMmRwUldPNGdEYzFOemRSdFNOdkpuY0JoamV4aG1lMDBHUldaVVp5RjBVVnQyTk5sM1N4UkRSYWRIYlJaa2J6WkdicXBuTmhoWFNTZDNLdzRtZFBOVGRVQkZVMEpWZTRGbk4yUmxZNWhYY1A1VU0yaDJaRWx6TEVSelN5SmxiNnAwUmh4bU5wRmxkNEVUYldGR1cyTlhUdmxGTjNRVGVRdEdaNkp6VWlSSGV1UkViakYyTnFoMk5CbGxVd0pYYTZOWGNyWlhkVDVtZDRSVGUzbFVZMlFtZHpRM0xTWkVlbFJtZDVVa1RPcFVPdGhEVWtwbFR5QUhVdUZtVDVGVmF4ODBMVFZIVnNkV1ZSVjNUcWxYYnBaa1NRRlZkSjVrZDVSbFF5ZFZWbVpYTldkV05sSjNObFZHZHRKbVVhbEhhMDFHYTRSVGJ4azJNc2xXWkNGR2RGVmpjdGhrY3g5bVVRcDNRcHQyZDJjMlJURnpheWttWXpjM0w1UlVPVUJ6TTVnV2NsRldXa2xUYnp0U1JvaEdlNjlFYkZabmVvaG5TNUpGT3BsV2QybDBUcWhsYW5GalUwbFRaMzFtZE9oRk0xcEVhQ1pGT3JOVlR0RkVSTFZGYlJ0bVFaSlRiaDVFZGpCWE4xOTBSblZVY3BkVVdLbEdXSlpWVVFCamRvVm5VeHBtTTZabFpJeFdPb1JYU3hwMGRIUkVldWRGYXcwR04zZFRiMFpXUlJGWFF0dDJWejhXYTRaV002SmtiNGxUU3ZjbE1KQm5NS1ZsWkNORGV4a1hkRlpVVnk5U2JxUkhaeW9XT3hvMU1KRjBaemdFWjRwVldvQmphdlpETlhGbllvSkdjVWxFYmpWV1ZYWjBkejFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Prime Canada TV
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Raj Digital Plus
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/4/43/Sony_Max_HD.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20191222183157" group-title="ULS PLus", Sony Max HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://d24j9r7lck9cin.cloudfront.net/l/f/1/1374.1569972429.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Sony Movies
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/D-QPvXREprDcNJ9Ypfnrxd7nZ3Uil8pHjaZUWWtOQp2hLdYh4yk0KNHOVfih_d5_iA=w300" group-title="ULS PLus", Star Gold
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/ejp65zr.png" group-title="ULS PLus", TV BNO
http://?eVJGVjBFMFVVbEhVNlpWVUpSbGNtTmtid0VFWnFGRU1oQmpZYWwyZDNGMU12NUVkWlZVTW5WVlRyRkhWaE5GZHZFSGM2ZEVSckFWY0JkVlUzRTFRdzUwVGx4RVp0bDNWclpFZXlvM1pCTldWT3BVY3hKR2F2VVVianQyWjM1MFNwaDJaMW8zVkROR2JzWkZUcmxEYjBVWGJURlRiMlJVZXJnbWJya0ZOMEZXUjAwVWJ6VkhSeVIzTFhCSGF1eG1leFJVTTZOVFI0TWtXQ2gzVnNWVmFRSlZkeFUyWTVSVFlwNUdSMFFIT094bVdCZFZVR3RrY3RSbGQ1RkdTMVpWWVNwbk1HRlhOTGgwUWFCRGJuTlZPWTVFYXB0U2UxQXpONHBXTVVaelI1bERlb0JYZFYxMFkyZFRZeFJYT1NOM2N4a0ZSaGRrYVVaVmVVdGliNDlTWVhWME13Sm5OQ2hUVzRaM2N2NVVXeHBHVjQ1a1ZTTkRlanAzUmFOMWJSaEVkdFJ6UVBsa2QwNTBSNk5EVFVoM1VEaEVhTkpsZTJFbllybFhhckoyYXpFWFlEWkhkNFpqWVg5RWFtMWtjck0xWnRSME54TXpRTGhtY3BWV1RXVkZkQmgzTnZoekt2aDJVNXBuVTRobk14a2pVM1ZWY1BaMVR1ZFZZMmRVV3Q1ME5tUjNTNGszUWkxMGRxRmpWemtVVXNCalJSUkhieWxXTTBnbVRuVkZhenhXT3loM000VjFLeWxEZHhkSFp4WVdRMFFGYjBsM01QdGtSd1JWV0p0Q053aEdWTWhtUktsVWF0OUdVcFJGUnVSMlV5eFdUc2hXTXExMFJuaDNieTVHYkVkMVQ0bGxNWE5YVmk1bVNTUm5NQ1pVZFBOM0xyRkRTdGhUVTNSWFRUOVdZSWxsWndna2VPbDFhUVpXY3NsbFZybHpONTlXY0psVE5uTmthM0pXVkVka1JxQjNUQmxWT3VwbVFSUkdXVFpUYXZGa1lFTlZOd2gyTFJCM05PQlhSSGhFUnE5eWFZaFhZTlJIVHhobGF5bERNdmtuU3pNSFY0dDJjMWx6YjJGVWJ4RnpVNFZuVXBkWFFoRldiMVYwY3A5Q09JRlZSeUpUVEUxbVNQVjNSRVZFY1RsbmFHZEhTc3BXTjFWV2FMeFdRa2xuZEhKemExVm5kNE1IT3NoM2R1NW1NMlVqZVdSWFMxSW5TNE5VZXgxVVVVTjNaMFpFVzRJRlp2b0hScllHZFJWa2NMdG1kS1YyWXdGM1lpWmpOSWRHY25WRVV2VlVkV2hFZDV4V2QyVlZhRUJYWngwV1VWWlVkTmRVYW9Ga1RzTlZjcWhrVU5kSE4wMTJZTjl5WWpaV2RUNTBMM0J6VXVSM2N2bEZXd2dXY2tkRVZxZHphTjEyTlpwSGF2Rm5kV05UZGpsM00yWjFWVXRVYXJabk5FcEdUdXRpYVpSR08zTm5hNThXV0xwbGV3SVhRWDlDYTBGWFFxRm5kUFpYUlc5MlQ0OWthd3hrVjJ4MGEwVkdTaUZrTjNSblJKMWtTM3RpYXVSRU14VmtOMnRDUnlZalJQeFdZeGwzUlFsa2VoTmxZTmxHV3VabWQxa21XeU5YU1l0MFFVUkRlVnRrY1FWMmE2UjBLMEYwTTBobU0yUVZkUDEwZHN0U1ZWUkZjM3hVWTJrSGRRMVdkMWRIVkZSa2V3VkZad2drVXRWRFYxQlhOWWxuWjRFSFRvVlVic04yTXFSWFpySkhWNGhGVVkxMlUzb0ZWMVJ6WlVOM1NhVldhcFpFVkpKWFNGaG1UaE4xWnpVbmFVcFhadXRVVHFWMmF0dHlTeWNYTUxGalpyTVRjWmRFZHJ0a1d4QkRaWU4yTG9aSGFIQlZRdklWYlhaVWJ2SVVRcTFUUA==
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/bEoN2tt.png" group-title="ULS PLus", TV Cinec
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/hfia0wN.png" group-title="ULS PLus", Wixlar
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://image3.mouthshut.com/images/imagesp/925755500s.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", Wow Cinema
http://?PU0zTkhoR2F3b1VjTGhFYlpSbE0wVmxNb3RVTnJoWFRQZFdhQ0pXYXROVlVCTlZXdU5WTkhwM1JKcEdWd2hqTXpRMFp5b1hOemNITW9OVVYwaFRkelluVndkWE52a2pkYWRuVnFWRmR4cGtVWXAwTk1obWFQbEhkMGtrYURGVU5vVlhWc1YzWnJvM2EwdzJWVVZsYzFZa2FERjJaSzlFVTFwME1qZG1ONTAyZDNVV01NbFZhbGxGWlBKV1p2ZFRSeEVrWWg5R2QxbEVPUFZYYmxKV1c0UjBNeUpVTUJoMUtLRjNjMzRFV05sa2IwY1ZUSGhVYTU1R01yMGtRdFJuVEpGM01IRmthM0YyY0tsRlo0cDJjcVprUzA1R1o1SURia0pUY3FSbFNQWm5Wc2x6WTMxVVd2c0dVSVJrVmtGMmNxcEhONkJsUXdOMVlKVlVNMmQzYlNsak40SUhka2xXVU1CMVo1SlhhRXhHUjJRbldUWjJUdDEyYVBoVGJVRnphM2RrZU54R2FCcDNOTGxYTXFWRGJpMTBLSE5tWXZ0VVlHRkVTMWdYZWx0eVFKSkZiSEJEYWoxMFZvZHpLMkp6WnpkSGJOdFVXdzhFZTVSV1dqdDJZdkYyU1RWV01sUlhVeEpqZHdwR2VKWkRWQnhtZTA5VWVySUhOWGhXUkRkRFpZWmxhbGQyTkVSVWJ2UjFVbGhIYXpWWGI2NUVjTU5IYktWWFNFMW1UcGxUUTJvRmUyQlhZNlpsZVFkRWR1VlVlNGMxTDY5V1JUaDFiaEpYTlBkSE02aEZjRlpVTjZOalozVmxVTlZHT3NwM2F5ODBUc2QwZDVjVWVobGpScnBHT3ROalR2UlhTa0pHYjBSVGJqUjJhVzVrTXdaalF1NUVOMGtHYktKM1VMZDNhdzhFYTJvMksxRjJReVpIU3l4V1lvRjNRaU4xZE45U2VVUm1kdWhYV2psMmRsMUdhNUVsVjFVVmRqWjBZTnAwUndkVE80Z0hadlkzTjJOellKbFZibmhIY1pGak5veEVTWk5FTkZkR2NoaFVTckkyYUlKVU1KZFRUM04yWTVKa00zQVhZV3AxVFJ0Q2JFZEVTU05tTnVaMVM0UVdPWFZuWVBGMGQwUXpicmhuYUt4a2V0cG1lM2gwVUVKbmF1bDBNVHRHZTNFR1p5bEdjclZuVTFoa1NKbG1OamQwTXpKa2VydHlUR05EWjU1a1FtUkhNenBIZTVWbE0waDJiUEpVT1VKbk4xTmpUUnQyVnJWbk5NSlZlaloxWnZZR2RRUm1RdGxVWkVKMmN0MW1SSUZqVm01a2RzdDBjR2wxS3BaRmIyTkRTd3RHVDY1R1RUbFdlcHAyTEJsVlQzUkZPNkZHVHFGSGJCTm1iSTl5ZHl0aU15TkhPNUJYT3k1a1ZYeDJabDVXVWxSV2VTUmxWdEYxS3ZOa2VVWkZaTGxtZE1SelJxbG1hclJqVjNJa2EybDJTbmhuY2k1bVptUldVUU4zYk10MlUzeEdVb0ZUU3prVVQwa25RSUpUYUdoa2E1aG5ZU3RFYnVsVFUzTldUS05YZTBRWE16MTBhYXgwUnlJbFR6aHpabnhXUU5wV2NrSlVNbGR6Wk1oRlduOUdTc3hXVTJnRGRSbFdZd1lUT05sVmR6Z1hOUWxuTjJOMVYwaEhTTGRuZTFBWE1MeG1hNVJIU3gwa1p6ZEZhdmhXZDI5MmQ1QlRhQkoyYTJoa2F2bEVUNUZsVVhGRVcwZDJVVEZ6UTE1Mlp6OFNSTEYxYTZkWE9EaGxUcDVtU1Y5VVptcEhlMGhUZTV0MlY0cEdURHRpYndrbVEzZ3phdVZWZDBCalYwWTJUb0JuUjFkRFJKaG1lNU5qVkJsVmJ2OXlRTmxsVHNaRGQwTjBVakZYVHZza1ZFbDJkT2xIYVNWM1lvVnpNMmNVWVhGM1VGSnpiek5rYmpSMlN2cFhicmhuZTF4a1JxQjNTVk5XY1Fsa2M2WkVla1YyU3Q5eVo0TUZid05IZUtWSE9ZcFhleVluUUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.tvchannelpricelist.com/wp-content/uploads/channels-logo-300/zee-anmol-cinema-logo-300x300.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", Zee Anmol Cinema
http://?PTBtVUx0bVFVVlZkVnAyYkxOamJwWmtSMDlXUzBrR1M2Vm5UTUJEZHhkektpUlZPbkpWT1dOR2VZUlhRdGRUVVRobGFQdEVXTDVVUjRoV1V5MUdUMnBtWkpaWFYwbEVkVnBYWXlVbVJ0UkZhS1IwTHVwbWNyRUVOcGwzYjNNektMdDJjMk5WYlhORld3bEhSc2xYU1FSVGVyZFdhUGxHTjNsbWJUMTJaM0JIVUVkRlVsUm5ieDUyTXNwVlp4NVVZMmdHTjVSM0xuWmpORGQyYm9ObmUyaG1adUpYWkJoSFQzZFhUNW9VYVpkVWFEbG5RUnBYTjFWV1ZQWnpNajkyY0tSbWNMZG1iVEpYWXdZV2R0ZHpadklETlVKWFRvWmpiYXRFYjZsRlNPeFVRMDEwYVVwbmJ3Tm5UUVpFYkxSVWRybG1TRUpUYnVkbVlIOW1iQ2wyTk5sMFNzbGxhMjFtVDJCWFNwaFdhWkpUYm4xbVR2UldaR0JEY0hoR1ZTOVdVNVpUYWhOVFF5VUhiaVJ6YXV0bWVaNVdTb0ZUZTRwMmJDbERjSk5YVnV0Q1dZbEdkMk1WY3JZRFp2WnpUbFIyS0kxMk5NTnpTUXBYY3BsRlJSRjNTdkYxVVJsM2FsRkhNMll6THFwWGNLUkdlNE1VYnJwV05OZDJVb05YTWtCM0thVm1iME1ITTRVRWJuOWtWbFowY1loSE01TkRabGQwYk9CSGNKbDBUbjlDUjRrV1E1cG1RaVYwWVo1VWVzWkZkcWhFVnRKR1MxTTJLS1YzWjFzQ1YwZ1dkUWQyWUgxRVIzcG5lVGxuZGw1V2VMSmpWQ1ZGY3pvWFlaOXlRNkJEYkp0U2RtSjNiTDlXZUZSRWR0WldVUDEyVnNKRWV6TkZPcTFXT2hkalpRcEVhV0ozVUc5VWV4TlZkck5uZVc5Mk52WkRVRWhHYlN0U1o1TmpkMnBtUzZaMVJXcEhhSFJqWU9OMVpJUnpiM01uYzVGVU9JUlhaVTltVUdGVmVIdDJiVHgyTkJ0RVduRlZiNHRrUUx0MlVFVm5jV3RHY3hORk1JTjBRb05YVllKelpxOUdOeVEyWldwbWFvaDNVcHBGU3AxRVdvbEZPVFIzVURSRlRvaFdjMnRtVDNKamV2SlhPV0pFVVRCM1J2NFVheTgwY3JGMkthdENjNmxYUnRkVE92SW5aTmRFTnFKa2VacFZVRUprWnNOemMxY0hld0JIV0ZOemF5b21iS0p6WlFOVU1yZFhld0lqYVRCM1EzOG1jeE1EY3JjbFQ1SmtlMWxUZTQ4V1NVNVdUckJYVkZoVmUyOW1lM0VuZXZORlNPWkVXNDEyYVNsbFd5SjFkRVpGTlROek1zaDNTMVZYT3ZsbVFWaEZaRjVFZXNWbE4wRjBWb1ZWVk9KMEtTbG5RSHAyTXZ0aWJqMVdRQkJuTjNsVlJ6RWtWaTUyVHpNRk1tMUVjdEJWUWlkR1R0cGxNSDkyYW1WM2FSdGtkM0JGY0hobk16ZFRTNHhHYWpWMVlWZEdleUlXVTRNbGNGTnpMT0ZVZW5CbmUyMFdVNDEyTXk0RWNhQm5kNE1sTkhKMk54SjBadUZuYVRsblQ1OWlWQ1ZsZG1kVlFKZHpVNlJ6TVhObmUzOG1iS0ZYUjNJRWNXTlhXWnBHZXZsbFpyUlVWdDVHYzFaa2MwVWpjcFZUWTUwMEx0VjBVNFJYVFFkWFpFVlZaRXAwYXg5aWJxUkdSNlJWVXdjbGV4SlhPRmxUWW1oRmVxbGtkRkoxUndWekxINWtUMzAyZHE5VVlrMWtiaFZGY3J0MlJ4aGxhUXR5VllsWGN4aEdWcGxXYzBKRFJ0SjFTcXAwUzJZMFR3MVdWMll6TkdkV2RqVjNVRHhVZXJoWGRNcGxjbTlXVEtOWFN3NEdieWxXYXd0U1U1QkRVdklqUUloMlY2SlZjNVZrY3pFMWQ0QjNTNjFFZVZwMVR3ZDNWMUkwS3RsRmQ0VVRNS2wxZHVOR2R2bG5UTWRYVDN0RWV2RUdiQlIwYTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="http://www.nettv.live/uploads/allimg/19/1-1Z5092006450-L.jpg" group-title="ULS PLus", é»‘èŽ“ç”µå½±
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Ð ÐµÐ½ Ð¢Ð’ International
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="ULS PLus", Ð¡Ð¢Ð Ðš HD
http://?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
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="null", 
http://?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
